 The Active.com API provides read-only access to data produced by systems within The Active Network . This includes things like running events , tennis tournaments , triathlons , high school sports ranking data , and campground availability data for 97 % of the US and Canada's national and state / provincial parks . Assets include events , races , tournaments , facilities , classes and leagues . Several sites , including livestrong.com and ESPN , are active consumers of the API . All of the Active.com APIs are read-only and return public data . As a result , no security measures ( SSL , Oauth ) are required . The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML .
 Strava is a social fitness service that allows users to share , compare and compete with other users' personal fitness data via mobile and online apps . Focusing on cyclists and runners , Strava lets users track their rides and runs via mobile apps or GPS device to analyze their performance . The Strava API provides several methods through which users can send and receive Strava data from a mobile device . These methods lets users access data on other athletes , efforts , rides and uploads . The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON .
 The Active.com API provides read-only access to data produced by systems within The Active Network . This includes things like baseball , basketball , soccer , football , hockey , lacrosse , softball , running events , tennis tournaments , triathlons , outdoor activities like fishing , kayaking , sailing , plus fitness and dance , and high school sports data . Several companies are active consumers of the API . The Active.com API also includes Campsite data .
 Yahoo Fantasy Sports is the world's largest fantasy sports provider , allowing users to compete against each other using statistics from real-world competitions . The Yahoo Fantasy Sports API provides rich data on leagues , teams and player information . This data can be used to build non-commercial tools and applications that help analyze draft results , review free agents , optimize current rosters , or other apps
 The Yahoo Fantasy Sports API utilizes the Yahoo Query Language ( YQL ) as a mechanism to access Yahoo Fantasy Sports data , returning data in XML and JSON formats .
 The Ergast Motor Racing Data API provides a historical record of motor racing data for non-commercial purposes . The API provides data for the Formula 1 and Formula E series , from the start of the World Championships in 1950 and 2014 respectively . New : Now provides Formula One lap times and pit stop data from the 2011 season onwards .
 MapMyFitness runs a network of sites like MapMyWalk , MapMyRun , MapMyRide , MapMyTri , MapMyHike and MapMyMountain . The API provides an interface to much of the site's features , such as activity feeds , goals and events .
 Abios is a Stockholm-based esports company that provides engaging data and statistics services . The Abios Esports API provides access to the broad esports games database . Use the API to integrate esports in your products and exploit flexible tools for performing tasks such as calculating odds , creating fixtures , and posting live updates , among others .
 The Bundesliga Live Scores API allows developers to integrate the services into their applications , enabling users to retrieve ( either live ) all results for the current season , scorers , and the league table . Bundesliga is the top professional division of the German football league system . This service is provided by an independent developer .
 The La Liga Live Scores API allows developers to retrieve ( either live ) all results for the current season , scorers , and the league table . More features will be added in the near future . La Liga is the top professional division of the Spanish football league system . This service is provided by an independent developer .
 The Premier League Live Scores API allows developers to retrieve historical data as well as current season results , scorers , lineups , substitutes , events , statistics with live updates , plus , players data , missing players for a match , odds from several bookmakers and either prediction of matches result using an AI Deep Learning Engine based on H2O ( https://www.h2o.ai ) . The Premier League is a professional English football league . This service is provided by an independent developer .
 The NFL API provides users with access to a database of current and past NFL football statistics and game information . The database is updated every minute , even while games are being played . Data is available going back to 2009 . The NFL API can provide answers to simple queries or return large data sets for more in-depth use . Users can get unlimited API calls for $ 10 per month .
 Live Scoreboards provides an API that delivers real-time football data , including live scores , future fixtures , team line-ups , and historical statistics . Leagues covered include the Barclays Premier League , League One , League Two , La Liga , and The Championship .
 The Visual DataFlex Football Pool API provides access to information on European football ( soccer ) teams , players , and games . Users can discover the names of all players on a team , who plays which position , and who has red or yellow cards . Users may also retrieve information on game results , as well as which cities and stadiums games are played in .
 The TeamSnap API in REST architecture returns JSON data with team sports managing and organization , including event schedules , tracking payments and fees , areas for team photos , and file sharing .
 The SeatGeek API provides developers with access to the companyâ € ™ s dataset of live events . The RESTful API returns requests in JSON , JSONP , and XML and can provide detailed information on venue lat / lon , average ticket price , seating location , and more . SeatGeek has a community portal that keeps a record of all support conversations and is a useful tool when looking to get questions answered .
 Dailymile is a " a social training log for runners , triathletes , and cyclists " that lets users create posts about their workouts , map workout routes , and compete with other users . Dailymile provides a RESTful API that lets developers access Dailymile data in their own applications .
 FanSnap is a live event ticket search engine for fans . Its mission is to provide the most comprehensive , accurate , fast and easy-to-use resource for fans to find the tickets they desire to sports , concerts , and theater events . FanSnap allows users of its website to search for tickets from all over the web in one place , choose seats , select the tickets and then purchase directly from the ticketing site . Add a similar service to your site . Monetization opportunities available through the FanSnap Affiliate Program .
 Use the MapMyRun API to connect directly to MapMyRun.com to access their data and your account . Use the Contact form to sign up and obtain docs .
 The Tracehorse API provides developers with low-latency , real-time horse racing odds data from UK bookmakers . Available in JSON , Tracehorse delivers pre-race odds for multiple markets , covering UK and international racecourses .
 TriReg is an online event registration service for triathlon events . It provides registration , fundraising , marketing , and analytics tools all in one .
 The TriReg.com Event Director API allows developers to sign in and retrieve event , category , and registration data for their triathlon events . This API uses POST calls with both requests and responses given in JSON format .
 TriReg is an online event registration service for triathlon events . It provides registration , fundraising , marketing , and analytics tools all in one .
 RunReg is an online event registration service for running events . It provides registration , fundraising , marketing , and analytics tools all in one .
 The RunReg.com Event Director API allows developers to sign in and retrieve event , category , and registration data for their running events . This API uses POST calls with both requests and responses given in JSON format .
 RunReg is an online event registration service for running events . It provides registration , fundraising , marketing , and analytics tools all in one .
 The SkiReg.com Event Director API allows developers to sign in and retrieve event , category , and registration data for their skiing events . This API uses POST calls with both requests and responses given in JSON format .
 SkiReg is an online event registration service for skiing events . It provides registration , fundraising , marketing , and analytics tools all in one .
 SkiReg is an online event registration service for skiing events . It provides registration , fundraising , marketing , and analytics tools all in one .
 This API is in Beta release . The theCrag Webhook API allows you to register webhook callbacks for events from the server that alerts you about changes to the database . theCrag API enables programmatic access to rock climbing information to build applications and includes ; Projects , Access , Application key , Protected resources and Read access points . TheCrag is a global collaborative rock climbing and bouldering platform that provides solutions for climbers , route setters and advocacy groups , gyms , camps and more .
 This API is in Beta release . theCrag API enables programmatic access to rock climbing information to build applications and includes ; Projects , Access , Application key , Protected resources and Read access points . It allows you to ; access read-only crag information , update crag information , access read-only public account information and more . TheCrag is a global collaborative rock climbing and bouldering platform that provides solutions for climbers , route setters and advocacy groups , gyms , camps and more .
 The Golf World API retrieves golfer statistics , golf clubs , courses , holes , photos , states , and provinces . Developers can make calls to the API with GET verbs to receive responses in Text and JSON formats .
 The Golf Savers API enables golf booking services in the Asia-Pacific region . The API supports geographic and financial data , golf rates , and region information . Each request must be authenticated using HTTP Basic Auth . The API returns JSON formatted responses .
 The Zest.Golf API enables developers to access golf courses available for booking , golf course lists , available tee times , and booking management . The API offers a booking interface which can link to the booking page or embed the booking page . Zest.Golf provides online booking features for the golf industry .
 The iSports Basketball API provides data about more than 300 basketball leagues and cups , including matches from 50 countries . Get live scores , lineups , schedules , results , player information , and odds with this API .
 The Kindred Sportsbook Events REST API provides sports betting odds and data . This is version 2 of the API and includes methods for retrieving bet offers based on events , outcomes , participants , as well as betting event listings , groups , calendar and live data . Sports such as football , racing , golf and more are included . Sportsbook APIs offer feeds for online betting , finding most favorable odds , most popular , live streamed events and much more . Developers can authenticate with an API Key to receive JSON formats in return when they call the API .
 The Divesites API returns database information for scuba divers including location , weather , latitude & longitude , map , and tide stations . The API supports POST and GET methods , JSON and AJAX formats . Divesites API determines the location using Geo IP location and return sites in a radius from that point .
 The balldontlie API provides data about NBA basketball , including players , teams , games , and statistics . Developers can use the API to retrieve player-specific season averages . The balldontlie API offers JSON formatted responses .
 The Golfbert API provides golf course information including GPS coordinates , and geo polygons of course holes . Additionally , the API provides tracking tools such as shot-by-shot stats , and metrics . Data is provided in JSON format . Golfbert offers automated stat tracking tools , and geo-plotted course maps .
 The iSports Football API provides data about more than 1400 football ( soccer ) leagues and cups , including matches from 110 countries . Get live scores , lineups , schedules , results , player information , odds and more with this API .
 TheRundown offers real-time odds and scores from major sports-books . NFL , NBA , WNBA , MLB , NHL , NCAA Football , and NCAA Basketball are supported . The API enables specific information associated with sports by ID , affiliates , and lines . This API returns JSON formatted responses .
 This Odds API is a Betting Odds service to access Odds data for sporting events globally , with results that are returned in easy-to-read JSON format .
 The Broadage Sports Data Baseball API provides daily baseball live scores , schedules , and standings for both general and conference-based results .
 The Broadage Sports Data Soccer API provides access to fixtures , livescores , standings , missing players , and much more . This API provides in-depth , real-time coverage of more than 320 soccer tournaments from around the world .
 The Broadage Sports Data Football API provides developers with access to daily live football scores , schedules , standings , and more . This includes detailed live data for matches in the pre-season , regular season , playoffs , conference finals , and Super Bowl .
 The Broadage Sports Data Basketball API provides information on basketball matches , tournaments , and teams . It offers livescores , play-by-play , boxscore , match statistics , and more for over 100 tournaments worldwide .
 The Broadage Sports Data Handball API provides access to handball fixtures , livescores , and standings . Developers can retrieve real-time data for teams or tournaments .
 The Broadage Sports Data Volleyball API provides access to fixtures , standings , and livescores data for volleyball . Set and match scores are provided live and updated instantly .
 The Broadage Sports Data Ice Hockey API provides ice hockey scores from games around the world . It also provides schedules and standings for the pre-season , regular season , and playoffs .
 The Broadage Sports Data Global API provides access to a list of sports that are supported in the global coverage . The recommended API call interval is 1 per day , and the daily maximum is 4 per day .
 The Suunto Workout API provides access to workouts recorded on Suunto watches . Developers can export workouts in FIT format , get a workout image , get a workout summary in JSON , or get a list of workout data . This API is under development and will offer more features in the future .
 The Suunto Daily Activity API provides developers with daily steps and energy consumption data based on values from Suunto watches . Data is stored and fetched using UTC time . The documentation includes code samples in common programming languages .
 The SpeedskatingResults API provides programmatic access to data from the SpeedskatingResults.com database . Developers can retrieve competitions for a given skater , a skater's personal records , a country's national records , current Olympic records , current world records , and more . Data can be retrieved in either JSON or XML format . This API supports Cross-Origin Resource Sharing ( CORS ) .
 The Makesweat API provides access to an online personalized fitness training and sports class platform . This includes services for booking , event administration , email , payments and more . Makesweat provides tools to get sports activities online for community sports clubs , professional fitness organization and more .
 The MMA API returns martial mixed arts data in JSON format . Developers can implement events , fights , and referees information into applications . With the API , developers can analyze sports to predict future successes or determine how well fighters age .
 Fight Analytics API provides data about combat fighting for betting or other uses . This API provides real-time data for such as live scores , live stats by fighter , text commentaries , historical data , and more for UFC , One FC , World Series of Fighting , KSW , Bellator and others . It provides bookmakers tools to manage pricing and mathematical models . This API is a RESTful service that supports file formats for XML , JSON and CSV . Fight Analytics is a global data company and independent UFC statistics provider that specializes in MMA combat sports .
 The Powderhook Events API returns hunting , fishing , and shooting events data in the United States . Data includes event title , location , description , host name , registration links , pricing , and more . It gets data from 50 state agencies as well as Cabela's , NWTF , MDF , Eventbrite , Kalkomey , and others . Interested developers can register for API and documentation access .
 This API is one of several offered by BetsAPI , a service that gives live results and fixtures on a variety of sports for betting purposes .
 The Bets Sbobet API provides programmatic access to data on inplay , upcoming matches , events , and results for various sports from Sbobet , an Asian handicap specialist . Sbobet offers odds for sports , casinos , games , and horse racing .
 This API is one of several offered by BetsAPI , a service that gives live results and fixtures on a variety of sports for betting purposes .
 The Bets Betway API provides access to data on inplay , upcoming matches , events , and results for various sports from Betway , a global online gambling company .
 This API is one of several offered by BetsAPI , a service that gives live results and fixtures on a variety of sports for betting purposes .
 The Bets Betfair API provides access to betting data from Betfair . This is not an official API and does not contain Betfair's direct betting feature .
 This API is one of several offered by BetsAPI , a service that gives live results and fixtures on a variety of sports for betting purposes .
 The Bets BWin API provides developers with programmatic access to inplay , event , prematch odds , and results data . This data is sourced from BWin , an online betting and gambling platform .
 This API is one of several offered by BetsAPI , a service that gives live results and fixtures on a variety of sports for betting purposes .
 The Bets Bet365 API provides programmatic access to all markets and odds available on the Bet365 website . Developers can retrieve all markets and odds or just prematch markets and odds .
 This API is one of several offered by BetsAPI , a service that gives live results and fixtures on a variety of sports for betting purposes .
 The Bets Events API provides access to fixtures , inplay , and results data aggregated from Bet365 and other sources . It offers historical data going back to September 2016 . Endpoints are provided for specific sports such as soccer , basketball , or tennis .
 This API is one of several offered by BetsAPI , a service that gives live results and fixtures on a variety of sports for betting purposes .
 The Smashrun API provides access to analytical tools for runners that enable them to visualize and interact with their entire training history . This API allows developers to save and read runs from Smashrun , retrieve aggregated stats for a given time period , get a polyline of a running route , get a list of badges a user has earned , save and retrieve a user's profile info , and more .
 This Goalserve API is a NBA Basketball Data Feed that provides data about Fixtures , Live scores , Results , In-Game player statistics , Profiles , Injuries , H2H , Historical Data , Prematch and Inplay Odds . Detailed coverage is provided for NBA live , NCAA live , European & other competitions , Live score , Team rosters , Odds , Injuries , Schedules and Season stats in XML and JSON formats . Goalserve delivers live sports data feeds in a wide range of competencies that includes ; Soccer , NFL , Odds , Cricket , MLB , NBA , Hockey , Tennis , Horse Racing and Esports .
 This Goalserve API is a Esports Data Feed that provides Fixtures , Live scores , Game Stats , Streams feeds and more . Services for ; Live score and Esports odds are available in XML and JSON formats . Goalserve delivers live sports data feeds in a wide range of competencies that includes ; Soccer , NFL , Odds , Cricket , MLB , NBA , Hockey , Tennis , Horse Racing and Esports .
 This Goalserve API is a Horse Racing Data Feed that provides racing entries , results , horse form tracker , history results , and odds comparison with coverage for horse racing in UK , USA , South Africa , France and Sweden . Services for ; US racing and UK racing are available in XML and JSON formats . Goalserve delivers live sports data feeds in a wide range of competencies that includes ; Soccer , NFL , Odds , Cricket , MLB , NBA , Hockey , Tennis , Horse Racing and Esports .
 This Goalserve API is a MLB Data Feed that provides Fixtures , Live scores , Results , In-Game player statistics , Profiles , Injuries , H2H , Historical Data since 2010 , Prematch and more . Services for ; MLB live , MLB rosters , MLB schedule , Odds , Season stats , and Injuries are available in XML and JSON formats . Goalserve delivers live sports data feeds in a wide range of competencies that includes ; Soccer , NFL , Odds , Cricket , MLB , NBA , Hockey , Tennis , Horse Racing and Esports .
 This Goalserve API is a Tennis Data Feed that provides Fixtures , Live scores , Results , In-Game player statistics , Profiles , Point by Point scores , Prematch and Inplay Odds with detailed coverage for Grand Slams , ATP , WTA , ITF and more . Services for ; Live score , Tennis odds , Player profiles and Rankings are available in XML and JSON formats . Goalserve delivers live sports data feeds in a wide range of competencies that includes ; Soccer , NFL , Odds , Cricket , MLB , NBA , Hockey , Tennis , Horse Racing and Esports .
 This Goalserve API is a Ice Hockey Data Feed that provides Fixtures , Live scores , Results , In-Game player statistics , Profiles , Injuries , H2H , Historical Data , Prematch and Inplay Odds with detailed coverage for NHL , KHL and more . Services for ; NHL live , KHL live , NHL rosters , Finland Liiga live , KHL rosters , Odds and Injuries are available in XML and JSON formats . Goalserve delivers live sports data feeds in a wide range of competencies that includes ; Soccer , NFL , Odds , Cricket , MLB , NBA , Hockey , Tennis , Horse Racing and Esports .
 This Goalserve API is a Odds Comparison Data Feed that provides pre-match and in-play odds directly from more than 30 bookmakers . Services for ; Soccer odds , Hockey odds , Tennis odds , Esports odds , Basketball odds and Inplay odds are available in XML and JSON formats . Goalserve delivers live sports data feeds in a wide range of competencies that includes ; Soccer , NFL , Odds , Cricket , MLB , NBA , Hockey , Tennis , Horse Racing and Esports .
 This Goalserve API is a Cricket Data Feed that provides Fixtures , Live scores , Results , Scorecards , Profiles , Ball by Ball feeds and more . Services for ; Live scorecard , Tours , Team squads , Fixtures and Player profile are available in XML and JSON formats . Goalserve delivers live sports data feeds in a wide range of competencies that includes ; Soccer , NFL , Odds , Cricket , MLB , NBA , Hockey , Tennis , Horse Racing and Esports .
 This Goalserve API is a Football Data Feed that provides Live scores , Fixtures and Results , In-Game player stats , Profiles , Injuries , H2H , Historical Data , Prematch , and Inplay Odds that are detailed coverage for NFL , College and more . Services for ; NFL live , NCAAF live , Team Rosters , Injuries , Schedules , Odds and others are available in XML and JSON formats . Goalserve delivers live sports data feeds in a wide range of competencies that includes ; Soccer , NFL , Odds , Cricket , MLB , NBA , Hockey , Tennis , Horse Racing and Esports .
 The Goalserve Soccer API is a Football Data Feed that provides Live scores , Fixtures and Results , for In-Game player stats and data . Services for Profiles , Injuries , Historical Data , Pre Match and Inplay Odds feeds are available in XML and JSON formats . This includes ; Live Score , Live Stats , Standings , Fixtures and more . Goalserve delivers live sports data feeds in a wide range of competencies that includes ; Soccer , NFL , Odds , Cricket , MLB , NBA , Hockey , Tennis , Horse Racing and Esports .
 The Powder Project Data API provides trail information that is publicly available on the Powder Project site . The API supports returning ski trail information , returning a list of trails by ID , and returning up to 200 of the user's to-dos . This data is available in JSON format . Powder Project is crowdsourced skiing information website run by volunteers and backed by REI's Adventure Projects , Inc .
 The Polar TeamPro API provides endpoints to Get teams and team details , team training sessions and details , players training session and details and more . Polar provides information on an athlete ’s sports performance for people ’s lifestyle , rehabilitation and weight management .
 The Gracenote Sports API offers programmatic access to the Gracenote sports database . For each sport a set of API calls can be used to retrieve the data you need from sport leagues around the world , including 4,500 North American , European and Asian leagues and competitions , including the NFL , MLB , NBA , NCAA , English Premier League , Bundesliga , F1 , Tour de France , Wimbledon and global events such as the Olympics , FIFA World Cup and Asian Games . The data is available in multiple languages , and is returned in JSON or XML formats . Interested developers need to contact the provider for API documentation and access .
 The Magic Seaweed Forecast service provides access to core weather and ocean open data , whose purpose is specifically for surfers and surfing but is also useful for a huge range of activities . Magic Seaweed supports global surf forecasting and news service .
 TheSportsDB is a community database of sports artwork and data with an free API . The TheSportsDB API is an open online database of sports data that integrates into applications , web etc . It is a simple JSON API that provides a collection of metadata , artwork , results and more . We cover hundreds of sports including : Soccer , NFL , NBA , NHL , ESports , Cycling , Tennis , Cricket , Formula 1 , Formula E , Rally , Various other Motorsports , Golf , Rugby and NRL with Live Scores , Logos , Fanart , Rosters , player contracts and honors as well as Tv Sports schedules and listings .
 The Hiking Project Data API provides access to some of the data found on the publicly available pages of the Hiking Project website . Developers can retrieve trails by maximum distance , minimum trail length , or minimum star rating . They can also get conditions for a given trail or retrieve a list of up to 200 of a user's to-dos .
 The ShotTracker API is a sports performance platform that provides basketball team statistics such as zone maps , shot charts , and box scores . This API is capable of displaying a leaderboard for the team or for a specific player , analyze stats , and show live player movement in applications . The API returns JSON formatted responses and uses OAuth 2.0 for authentication .
 ShotTracker provides a real-time interface for notifications , live meta-data about teams and players , and court information . All methods require a subscription Token . ShotTracker is a sports performance platform that provides basketball team statistics such as zone maps , shot charts , and box scores . This API is capable of displaying a leaderboard for the team or for a specific player , analyze stats , and show live player movement in applications .
 ScoreBat provides real-time football coverage from all around the world , including results of the matches in all of the football leagues and competitions , video highlights and goal replays delivered to you while the match is still being played and high-quality live-streaming of the matches .
 REI's Mountain Project ( via Adventure Projects ) is a crowd-sourced guide to climbing areas and routes built by climbers , providing a definitive climbing resource . Contributors add areas and routes , detailed descriptions , photos , ratings , and comments to bring you an extensive guide to climbing around the world , with more added on a daily basis .
 The Mountain Project API provides simple access to certain limited data . All of the data returned by the API is already available on publicly available pages on the Mountain Project site . The API can return returns general user information , the user's most recent ticks ( keeping track of what you've climbed ) , auser's to-dos , details for up to 200 routes , and routes for a given query . All requests require a private key that identifies you . Data is returned in JSON .
 Entity Digital Sports Basketball API is fast , reliable , accurate and affordable which provides detailed 20 + in play Player Statistic , Enable apps with live scores , pre-match odds , play by play , live points table , team stats , player profile , fantasy credits with this API . Detailed coverage of NBA and 30 + leagues .
 This Entity Sport Data Feed provides information of all available cricket seasons , a tour that one country takes on to another country , or a local and international league , access to live match updates of active inning , update of live inning of the match , details of player info that includes ; Seasons , Competition Matches , Match Live , Player Profile and more .
 This is indirect access to the Fitbit System API . Please refer to the corresponding SDK below . This Fitbit System service launches an application given a UUID and includes ; Variable memory , Interface memory , Interface memory usage and more . Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness .
 This is indirect access to the Fitbit Appbit API . Please refer to the corresponding SDK below . Appbit provides properties and methods that work with the application running on the Fitbit device . Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness .
 This is a fast , reliable and accurate Football ( soccer ) API that provides details in Match Player Statistic including passing , defense , attack data . Enable apps with live scores , pre-match odds , commentary , live points table , team stats , player profile , fantasy credits with this API .
 The Sleep API endpoint returns a summary and list of a user's sleep log entries , returns a list of detailed sleep entry data for a given date range , returns a list of a user's sleep logs and more . Authentication is validated using a token , with the API response in JSON . Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness .
 This is indirect access to the Fitbit App Launch API . Please refer to the corresponding SDK below . The App Launch API allows an application to launch another and pass the data as launch arguments . It enables a clock face that displays the current temperature , with the ability to provide a launch button for that Weather application . This allows it to display more details about the current weather conditions . Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness .
 This is indirect access to the Fitbit Scientific API . Please refer to the corresponding SDK below . The Scientific module provides you with the ability to operate on Float32 Arrays with near-native performance . Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness .
 The Global Pickleball Network API provides information related to courts , users , pickleball ladders , and tournaments . This data is offered in JSON format . The API requires API Keys per call .
 The Fitbit Food Logging API endpoint returns the food locales for a user to search , log , and create food in , returns a user's updated daily calorie consumption goal and / or food Plan , returns a summary and list of a user's food log entries for a given day and more . Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness .
 The Fitbit User Profile & Settings API endpoint provides a way to access a user's profile , update a user's profile , retrieve the user's badges , and more . Only an authenticated user will receive all values , with numerical values returned in the unit system specified in the Accept-Language header . Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness .
 The Fitbit Heart Rate API endpoint returns time series data in the specified range for a given resource and returns the intraday time series for a given resource . This includes ; data for
 Heart Rate Zones , Calories Out for Cardio , Fat burn and Peak , Resting Heart Rate and more . Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness .
 The Fitbit Authorization API endpoint provides a way to make a request to the Fitbit API using OAuth 2.0 . After a user is authorized in your application by using the Authorization Code Grant Flow , the application exchanges the authorization code for an access token . Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness .
 This is indirect access to the Fitbit App Launch API . Please refer to the corresponding SDK below . The App Launch API allows an application to launch another and pass the data as launch arguments . The File Transfer API Outbox allows applications to enqueue new file transfers and list currently queued file transfers , it also includes an incoming inbox queue of file transfers . Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness .
 The Fitbit Friends API endpoint returns the data of a user's friends , gets the user's friends leaderboard , creates an invitation to become friends with an authorized user and more . Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness .
 This is indirect access to the Fitbit Exercise API . Please refer to the corresponding SDK below . The Exercise API allows developers to build applications that mirror behavior's of the Fitbit Exercise application . The API captures activity sessions containing granular heart-rate data , calories , steps , active minutes , and GPS data . The data is synchronized in the cloud and available to view on the Fitbit mobile app , or on fitbit.com/activities . Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness .
 This is indirect access to the Fitbit File Transfer Upload API . Please refer to the corresponding SDK below . The File Transfer Upload API is a Fitbit Device File Transfer Outbox system that allows you to get files off of a Fitbit device . Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness .
 The Fitbit Activity & Exercise Logs API endpoint retrieves a summary and list of a user's activities and activity log entries for a given day , returns time series data in the specified range for a given resource , creates log entry for an activity or user's private custom activity using units in the unit system and more . Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness .
 The Fitbit Settings API provides a way for developers to make applications that are configurable by users . The Settings API provides a number of predefined components . Fitbit developers can create a settings definition file to configure an application within the Fitbit mobile application on their phone , and the settings can be sent to the Fitbit device . Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness .
 This Companion API supports Fitbit WebSocket events by establishing a socket connection between a companion and a server . The Companion events connect a map for the events used in WebSockets , the event sent by the WebSocket object when a message is received from the server , the event sent by the WebSocket object when the connection closes and more . Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness .
 The Companion API provides information about the running companion application , access to permissions , and oAuth access tokens . The Companion provides an additional JavaScript runtime environment that exists within the Fitbit mobile application , to utilize resources and sensors of the mobile device . Fitbit applications are not required to have an associated companion unless you need to perform the following ; Communicate with Web APIs , Download images or other resources from the internet , Utilize the mobile device GPS sensor and Persist data on the mobile device . The Companion APIs are accessible by applications which run within the Fitbit mobile applications only . Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness .
 This Fitbit Subscriptions API provides notifications that are sent in near real-time to an endpoint that you choose , using HTTP POST requests made by Fitbit to URLs that you register . These URL's must be accessible by Fitbit servers and be able to accept incoming HTTP POST requests and process the JSON content . The Fitbit Subscription API allows you to ; Receive update notifications , Configure a subscriber , Verify a subscriber and more . Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness .
 This is indirect access to the Fitbit Device API . Please refer to the corresponding SDK below . The Fitbit Device API is accessible by applications which run on Fitbit devices only . Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness .
 The Decathlon Partners API can be used by any developer worldwide to obtain details of our partners who are specialized in certain sports . This data is primarily sourced from Decathlon's global network of sports experts .
 The Decathlon Sports API can be used by any developer worldwide to obtain details of Decathlon Sports . This data is primarily sourced from Decathlon's global network of sports experts and friends .
 In France , a frontend is bound to this API at https://activites.decathlon.fr . An API Key is required for all API calls . To obtain an API key , you must contact Decathlon . Only GET / v1 / events is available without a JWT token . Everything else is accessible either with FED token or Decathlon Connect token .
 The Decathlon Sport Places API can be used by any developer worldwide to obtain details of geographic locations where certain sports can be played . This data is primarily sourced from Decathlon's global network of sports experts .
 You must authenticate your requests with an API token in the header . GET requests do not require authentication . A JWT token is required for all POST , PUT / PATCH , and DELETE requests . To obtain a token , please contact developers@decathlon.com
 The Sportickr Soccer API returns detailed JSON soccer data . Over 20 endpoints are available which return league information , seasons , scores , and more . Sportickr offers a free plan that includes 1,600 requests per endpoint per hour . A personal API Key must be included in each cURL request . Sportickr offers algorithm analyzed sport related data with probabilities for scores and final outcomes .
 The API-FOOTBALL API provides RESTful access to football ( soccer ) data . The service currently covers 460 competitions with livescores , standings , events , pre-match odds , bookmakers , statistics , players , lineups , predictions , trophies , coachs , sidelined , historical data .
 The API is designed for 3rd-party softwares , editors and partners . Its main purpose is to give access the core data of a Pims customer ( i.e. events , ticket counts and promotions ) . Pims is an events software provider .
 The WorldCup 2018 API offers JSON formatted data related to teams , matches , stadiums , and players . Data is provided in English , Vietnamese , Chinese , Thai , Japanese , and Korean . The API employs API Keys for authentication .
 The Sport Fixtures API provides the latest fixtures in the Premier League . The API supports lists of sports , lists of tournaments , specific tournament information , events in a tournament , and specific events . JSON is the preferred response format .
 The Boggio Analytics Football Prediction API provides predictions for upcoming football matches , average bookie odds , results for past matches and performance monitoring for the statistical models . The API supports competitions in over 90 countries and in over 140 leagues . Boggio Analytics makes products to build data applications that Extract , Transform , and Predict .
 Press Association Olympics API captures official data associated with various Olympics games including the Olympic Winter Games PyeongChang 2018 , Paralympic Winter Games PyeongChang 2018 , and Olympic games in Tokyo 2020 . The API's current version provides endpoints to search parameters for games , discipline , organization , unit , event , phase , venue , participant , and medal table . Press Association is the UK national news agency that provides multimedia content and services to customers .
 The Foreca Ski Feed offers up-to-date information from over 2.000 global ski resorts . The feed updates continuously as new information is received from the resorts and other sources . The information is provided as an XML feed , making it easy to process and quick to integrate into a web page or other channels . Various visualization options can easily be implemented based on the provided data .
 The feed delivers information from the nearest ski resorts to a given location . The response will contain general information about the resort , opening times and last reported conditions on the slopes . The service is ideal for media , travel agencies and other services reporting about points of interest . An atmospheric weather forecast for the covered resorts is also provided as part of the package .
 The Blackout Rugby API is designed for use in the integration of rugby data in applications . The RESTful API returns responses in JSON format . Blackout Rugby is a sports management game .
 The ScoreStream API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of ScoreStream with other applications and to create new applications . Public documentation is not available ; API access comes with account service . ScoreStream provides an engagement and management platform for team , club , school , and league sports to engage with each other and their fans .
 The Polar AccessLink API allows you to obtain a direct information sharing link between the Polar ecosystem products such as their health trackers and smart watches and and organization ’s own data system . Polar provides information on an athlete ’s sports performance for people ’s lifestyle , rehabilitation and weight management .
 The Weather Unlocked Ski Resort API makes it easier for developers to include SKI Resort Snow Report and Mountain Forecast data in applications . Access requires sign up for API key . Make requests are over HTTP or HTTPS . The API returns responses in JSON or XML format .
 Sportmonks is a provider of data feeds for a variety of sports disciplines including Soccer / Football , Formula 1 , Tennis , Basketball , and American Football . The Sportmonks Formula 1 API provides data feeds for livescores , schedules , results , constructor championship , and driver championship . The Formula 1 package costs EUR65 a month . The API sends requests and returns responses in JSON format .
 Sportmonks is a provider of data feeds for a variety of sports disciplines including Soccer / Football , Formula 1 , Tennis , Basketball , and American Football . The Sportmonks Soccer API provides data feeds for live scores , full season fixtures , video highlights , and in-play odds among other features . Users can access historical data stretching way back to 2005 . Its Free Plan package offers 180 API calls and an endpoint . The Euro Plan Basic offers 1500 API calls , an endpoint , and access to over 20 European leagues at EUR25 monthly fees , with the World Plan Basic offering 1500 API calls , an endpoint and access to over 50 worldwide leagues at EUR75 monthly fees . The largest package is the Pro Plan Basic that offers 1500 API calls , an endpoint and access to over 500 worldwide leagues at EUR125 monthly fees . The Sportmonks Soccer API conveys requests and responses in JSON format .
 The Fantasy Sport Net API provides realtime programmatic access to stats from the Premier League , Bundesliga , Spanish Premiera Division , and Serie A over XML . API requests must include the desired league , week , and season . Returned data includes team names , game dates , kickoff times , game status , scores , goal times , player stats , cards , and penalties .
 The Pandascore REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Pandascore with other applications . Some example API methods include filtering data , retrieving league data , and performing data sorts . Pandascore provides data and insights on and for eSports competitions .
 The Pandascore Live Websocket API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Pandascore with other applications . Some example API methods fetching events and connecting the websockets . Pandascore provides data and insights on and for eSports competitions .
 William Hill is provider of online sports betting and other forms of gambling solutions . The William Hill Bets API allows developers to integrate player interface for placing single , multiple , and complex bets in addition to providing mechanisms for retrieving a player ’s bet history . In addition to providing access to betting history by bet type , date , or settlement status , the API provides functionality for generating bet delays . The API sends JSON-formatted requests and responses .
 William Hill is provider of online sports betting and other forms of gambling solutions . The William Hill Accounts API provides parameters for querying customer accounts . Developers using the API can build data mining applications for user account activities such as available balance . The API sends requests and returns responses in JSON format .
 William Hill is provider of online sports betting and other forms of gambling solutions . The William Hill Locations API provides various methods for accessing geographical data . This includes the UK addresses lookup service which generates automatic suggestions of nearest addresses that new customers can fill in their registration forms . The APIs conveys JSON-formatted requests and responses .
 William Hill is provider of online sports betting and other forms of gambling solutions . The William Hill SportsData API provides a RESTful platform for providing data related to William Hill ’s gambling products including competitions , events , markets , and sports . The API ’s requests and responses are formatted in JSON .
 William Hill is provider of online sports betting and other forms of gambling solutions . The William Hill Betslips API allows developers to create different bet categories like single , double , and complex bets . It provides access to information about the composition of a complex bet , such as the total stake , alongside details such as availability of free bets for placing a bet . The API returns responses in JSON format .
 William Hill is provider of online sports betting and other forms of gambling solutions . The William Hill Profiles API provides developers a suite of data retrieval or modification methods for managing customer profiles . It supports the performance of administrative tasks and the manipulation of profile settings as well as the integration of interactive features such as follow , unfollow , share , and like . The API ’s access requires an authentication ticket that should be acquired through the William Hill Sessions API .
 William Hill is provider of online sports betting and other forms of gambling solutions . The William Hill Competitions API supports the integration of third-party applications that retrieve pricing information for competitions . It makes it easier for developers to access to customers ’ desired betting events and provides a single-request endpoint for accessing the updated prices associated to the results of the bet events .
 The BIG6 Data API is a subscription based service that provides information about the 6 major north american sports leagues . The API returns data ( such as game schedules , spreads , moneylines , and post-game scores ) sourced from 15 major bookmakers . XML and JSON are the preferred response formats . Documentation is not publicly available .
 The FantasyData NBA API intends to provide real time coverage of all NBA games , such as scores , team stats , and player stats . Other features include : odds , projected stats / fantasy points , FanDuel / DraftKings salaries , and as well as others . Multiple description file types are available ( Swagger , OPen API WADL )
 The Live Odds API offers real-time information about UK and Australian sports . Odds are no older than a few seconds to a few minutes . Developers need to request an API Key which can be used to obtain JSON formatted information , and Google Sheets and Excel compatible data . Available bookmakers include Unibet , William Hill , Ladbrokes , Betfair , Pinnacle Sports , Bet Victor , Von Bets , Nordic Bet , Paddy Power , and 1xBet for the UK . Australia's Sportsbet , TAB , William Hill , Crownbet , Ladbrokes , Betfair , Unibet , Ubet , and Pinnacle Sports are covered .
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data , odds solutions , and fraud detection services . The Sportradar Squash API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar Squash statistics feeds database . It provides endpoints for retrieving competitor results and schedule , daily results and schedule , head to head stats , seasons , sport event probabilities and timeline , and tournament standings , among others . The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data , odds solutions , and fraud detection services . The Sportradar Floorball API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar Floorball statistics feeds database . It provides endpoints for retrieving competitor results and schedule , daily results and schedule , head to head stats , seasons , sport event probabilities and timeline , and tournament standings , among others . The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data , odds solutions , and fraud detection services . The Sportradar Futsal API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar Futsal statistics feeds database . It provides endpoints for retrieving competitor results and schedule , daily results and schedule , head to head stats , seasons , sport event probabilities and timeline , and tournament standings , among others . The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data , odds solutions , and fraud detection services . The Sportradar Beach Volleyball API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar Beach Volleyball statistics feeds database . It provides endpoints for retrieving competitor results and schedule , daily results and schedule , head to head stats , seasons , sport event probabilities and timeline , and tournament standings , among others . The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data , odds solutions , and fraud detection services . The Sportradar Indoor Volleyball API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar Indoor Volleyball statistics feeds database . It provides endpoints for retrieving competitor results and schedule , daily results and schedule , head to head stats , seasons , sport event probabilities and timeline , and tournament standings , among others . The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data , odds solutions , and fraud detection services . The Sportradar Darts API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar Darts statistics feeds database . It provides endpoints for retrieving competitor results and schedule , daily results and schedule , head to head stats , seasons , sport event probabilities and timeline , and tournament standings , among others . The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data , odds solutions , and fraud detection services . The Sportradar Snooker API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar Snooker statistics feeds database . It provides endpoints for retrieving competitor results and schedule , daily results and schedule , head to head stats , seasons , sport event probabilities and timeline , and tournament standings , among others . The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data , odds solutions , and fraud detection services . The Sportradar Pesapallo API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar Pesapallo statistics feeds database . It provides endpoints for retrieving competitor results and schedule , daily results and schedule , head to head stats , seasons , sport event probabilities and timeline , and tournament standings , among others . The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data , odds solutions , and fraud detection services . The Sportradar Handball API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar Handball statistics feeds database . It provides endpoints for retrieving competitor results and schedule , daily results and schedule , head to head stats , seasons , sport event probabilities and timeline , and tournament standings , among others . The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data , odds solutions , and fraud detection services . The Sportradar Waterpolo API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar Waterpolo statistics feeds database . It provides endpoints for retrieving competitor results and schedule , daily results and schedule , head to head stats , seasons , sport event probabilities and timeline , and tournament standings , among others . The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data , odds solutions , and fraud detection services . The Sportradar Curling API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Curling statistics feeds database . It provides primary feeds in the form of daily results and daily schedule , which in turn , provide competitor , match , and tournament ids for generating sport event , tournament , and competitor feeds . This API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data , odds solutions , and fraud detection services . The Sportradar Bandy API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Bandy statistics feeds database . It provides primary feeds in the form of daily results and daily schedule , which in turn , provide competitor , match , and tournament ids for generating sport event , tournament , and competitor feeds . This API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data , odds solutions , and fraud detection services . The Sportradar Rugby API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar Rugby statistics feeds database . Its primary feeds consist of the schedule ( daily schedule ) , the standings ( daily summary ) , and the rankings ( league hierarchy ) analytical parameters . These feeds are helpful for generating match boxscore and team profile feeds . The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data , odds solutions , and fraud detection services . The Sportradar Tennis API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar Tennis statistics feeds database . It generates analytical feeds of various parameters of the tennis games including daily schedule , daily results , player head-to-head , Player profile , player results , doubles head-to-head , doubles team rankings , tournament , tournament seasons , tournament results , and match timelines among others . The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data , odds solutions , and fraud detection services . The Sportradar Motorsport API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar Motorsport statistics feeds database . It conveys analytical feeds of various parameters of NASCAR races including daily change log for race information , schedule , starting grid , driver standings , qualifying leaderboard , rookie standings , owner standings , and race leaderboard as well as player seasonal statistics , drivers , entry list , and manufacturer standings . The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data , odds solutions , and fraud detection services . The Sportradar SR NASCAR API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Classic NASCAR statistics feeds database . It conveys analytical feeds of various parameters of NASCAR races including daily change log for race information , schedule , starting grid , driver standings , qualifying leaderboard , rookie standings , owner standings , and race leaderboard as well as player seasonal statistics , drivers , entry list , and manufacturer standings . The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data , odds solutions , and fraud detection services . The Sportradar Beach Soccer API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar Beach Soccer statistics feeds database . It provides primary feeds in the form of daily results and daily schedule , which in turn , provide competitor , match , and tournament ids for generating sport event , tournament , and competitor feeds . Its player and venue ids are accessible via feeds for specific matches . This API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data , odds solutions , and fraud detection services . The Sportradar Global Ice Hockey API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Global Ice Hockey statistics feeds database . It provides primary feeds in the form of daily results and daily schedule , which in turn , provide competitor , match , and tournament ids for generating match , tournament , and team feeds . This API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data , odds solutions , and fraud detection services . The Sportradar eSports API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the eSports statistics feeds database . It provides primary feeds in the form of daily results and daily schedule , which in turn , provide competitor , match , and tournament ids for generating sport event , tournament , and competitor feeds . Currently , the API provides data for Counter-Strike : Global Offensive , League of Legends , and DOTA 2 . Its player and venue ids are accessible via feeds for specific matches . This API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data , odds solutions , and fraud detection services . The Sportradar Classic NFL API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar Classic NFL statistics feeds database for the 2016/17 season . It generates analytical feeds of various parameters of the classic NFL games including season schedule , weekly schedule , weekly league leaders , weekly boxscore , standings , and rankings . The API breaks down the details further to primary feeds such as game roaster , game boxscore , team depth chart , and team roaster , for games and teams . This API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data , odds solutions , and fraud detection services . The Sportradar Field Hockey API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the NHL Field Hockey statistics feeds database . It provides primary feeds in the form of daily results and daily schedule , which in turn , provide competitor , match , and tournament ids for the competitor feeds , sport event , and tournament . Its player and venue ids are accessible via feeds for specific matches . This API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data , odds solutions , and fraud detection services . The Sportradar Global Baseball API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Global Baseball statistics feeds database . It provides primary feeds in the form of daily results and daily schedule , which in turn , provide competitor , match , and tournament ids for generating sport event , tournament , and competitor feeds . Its player and venue ids are accessible via feeds for specific matches . This API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data , odds solutions , and fraud detection services . The Sportradar Global Basketball API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Global Basketball statistics feeds database . It provides primary feeds in the form of daily results and daily schedule , which in turn , provide competitor , match , and tournament ids for generating match , tournament , and team feeds . This API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data , odds solutions , and fraud detection services . The Sportradar NCAA Men ’s Hockey API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the NCAA Men ’s Hockey statistics feeds database . Its primary feeds consist of the schedule ( daily schedule ) , the standings ( daily change log ) , and the rankings ( league hierarchy ) analytical parameters . These feeds are helpful for generating game boxscore and team profile feeds as well as tournament schedule and summary . The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data , odds solutions , and fraud detection services . The Sportradar Nippon Professional Baseball API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the NPB statistics feeds database . It provides daily schedule and daily boxscore for the day , month , and year as well as the schedule , standing , and league hierarchy for the season . The API formats responses in either JSON or XML .
 Sportradar US is a provider of sports and betting-related live data , odds solutions , and fraud detection services . The Sportradar Aussie Rules Football API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the database of the Australian football statistics feeds . It provides primary feeds in the form of daily results and daily schedule , which in turn , provide competitor , match , and tournament ids for the competitor feeds , sport event , and tournament parameters . Its player and venue ids are accessible via feeds for specific matches . This API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data , odds solutions , and fraud detection services . The Sportradar NFL Next Generation Stats API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar NFL NGS statistics feeds database . It conveys analytical feeds of various parameters of the NFL games including game leaders , game statistics , league leaders , play statistics , and play tracking statistics as well as player seasonal statistics , team leaders , team seasonal statistics , and weekly leaders . A Gold package subscription provides access to all these parameters , while subscription to Silver or Bronze package provides access to selected parameters . The API that returns responses in either JSON or XML format can be accessed only through the Official NFL API .
 The Follr API provides tools for partners to integrate functions of the Follr platform into applications and access user profile data . The Follr API uses REST syles to create , read , and update functions . Follr works to empower your fans to show their support and connect with the team and with other fans-it is a free marketing system for teams and supporters clubs .
 The SportsEngine Leagues API offers programmatic access to an association of teams on a site . POST , GET , PUT , and DELETE methods are supported to obtain diverse information such as team instances , divisions , and league lists . This information is available in JSON format . SportsEngine is a suite of applications designed for local and national sports organizations that help in managing websites , tournaments , leagues , and player registration .
 The TomTom Sports Watch records , tracks , and synchronizes data of the sports and fitness activities of users . This data is then stored and analyzed in the cloud using the TomTom MySports Cloud API . The API allows users to organize data and access analytical data and visual summaries of the progress , goals , and achievements of their sports and fitness programs . Its access requires TomTom account sign in and OAuth2 .0 authorization . The API sends requests in HTTP format and returns responses in JSON or CSV format .
 EventUpon API returns event information from thousands of organizations including EventBrite , Meetup and others .
 Events can be returned by list of organizations or location and radius .
 Use of the API requires an EventUpon account and an API Key where you can configure it to select the organizations . Free EventUpon account returns up to two organizations .
 Sports Engine designs web-based software and mobile apps suited for use in amateur , youth , and professional sports domains . The SportsEngine SiteBuilder API simplifies the management of web content . Its integration allows developers create new sections in websites , add or edit content , upload photos or videos on target pages and news articles , and implement content syndication , among other functions . The API returns JSON-formatted responses .
 Sports Engine designs web-based software and mobile apps suited for use in amateur , youth , and professional sports domains . SportsEngine Registration API makes it easier for developers to use applications , such as MS Excel , to extract the registration data and profiles of respondents . The API provides access to the particulars that the respondents registered on a sports website . Developers can use the API to update registration fields , add or remove fields , and extract real-time registration results , among other functions . The API returns JSON-formatted responses .
 FantasyData.com provides developers , the fantasy community , and media clients around the world with real-time content and statistical data of different sports disciplines . Its product portfolio features a variety of fantasy sports , web applications , and a host of RESTful APIs that include the NCAA Basketball API . The FantasyData NCAA Basketball API supports real time conveyance of weekly and seasonal soccer data including active teams , player profiles , teams , box scores , box scores by date , match day fixtures , match day stats , table standings , and stadiums . Developers can deploy the API in website automation or application integration . The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 KiniScore provides real-time , accurate sports statistics and sports content . The data coverage focuses on major African leagues and players throughout the continent . Data can be retrieved via API , that includes schedules , league table , and statistics.The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON .
 FantasyData.com provides developers , the fantasy community , and media clients around the world with real-time content and statistical data of different sports disciplines . Its product portfolio features a variety of fantasy sports , web applications , and a host of RESTful APIs that include the NHL API . The FantasyData NHL API supports real time conveyance of weekly and seasonal NHL data including active teams , player profiles , box scores , match day fixtures , match day stats , table standings , and stadiums . Developers can deploy the API in website automation or application integration . The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 FantasyData.com provides developers , the fantasy community , and media clients around the world with real-time content and statistical data of different sports disciplines . Its product portfolio features a variety of fantasy sports , web applications , and a host of RESTful APIs that include the Soccer API . The FantasyData Soccer API supports real time conveyance of weekly and seasonal soccer data including active teams , player profiles , box scores , match day fixtures , match day stats , table standings , and stadiums . Developers can deploy the API in website automation or application integration . The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 FantasyData.com provides developers , the fantasy community , and media clients around the world with real-time content and statistical data of different sports disciplines . Its product portfolio features a variety of fantasy sports , web applications , and a host of RESTful APIs that include the PGA Golf API . The FantasyData PGA Golf API supports real time conveyance of weekly and seasonal data of the PGA Golf tour including player profiles and stats , injuries , news by player , news by date , and tour schedules . Developers can deploy the API in website automation or application integration . The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 FantasyData.com provides developers , the fantasy community , and media clients around the world with real-time content and statistical data of different sports disciplines . Its product portfolio features a variety of fantasy sports , web applications , and a host of RESTful APIs that include the NASCAR API . The FantasyData NASCAR API supports real time conveyance of weekly and seasonal race data including drivers , driver profiles , race results , and race schedules . Developers can deploy the API in website automation or application integration . The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 The SuredBits API integrates sports and bitcoin data in real time . It can be useful for NFL stats and cryptocurrency payments . Endpoints available to send requests and receive responses in return , currently supporting sports data , such as teams , players , games , scores , and statistics . For additional information about formats , contact support@suredbits.com
 FantasyData.com provides developers , the fantasy community , and media clients around the world with real-time content and statistical data of different sports disciplines . Its product portfolio features a variety of fantasy sports , web applications , and a host of RESTful APIs that include the NFL Scores API .
 The FantasyData NFL Scores API provides weekly and seasonal NFL data of scores , teams , game stats , news by player , news by team , team table standings , and stadiums . Developers can deploy the API in website automation or application integration . The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 FantasyData.com provides developers , the fantasy community , and media clients around the world with real-time content and statistical data of different sports disciplines . Its product portfolio features a variety of fantasy sports , web applications , and a host of RESTful APIs that include the NFL Stats API .
 The FantasyData NFL Stats API supports real time transmission of daily , weekly , and seasonal NFL statistics including player and team game stats , player profiles , box scores , daily fantasy players , fantasy defense game stats , fantasy defense season stats , fantasy players by ADP , and player and team injuries . Developers can deploy the API in website automation or application integration . The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 FantasyData.com provides developers , the fantasy community , and media clients around the world with real-time content and statistical data of different sports disciplines . Its product portfolio features a variety of fantasy sports , web applications , and a host of RESTful APIs that include the NFL Projections API .
 The FantasyData NFL Projections API transmits weekly and seasonal NFL predictions including projections of fantasy defense season stats , player game stats by player , player game stats by team , and player stats by week and season . Developers can deploy the API in website automation or application integration . The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 FantasyData.com provides developers , the fantasy community , and media clients around the world with real-time content and statistical data of different sports disciplines . Its product portfolio features a variety of fantasy sports , web applications , and a host of RESTful APIs that include the NCAA Football Scores .
 The FantasyData NCAA Football Scores API provides weekly and seasonal NCAA data including current week and season , games by week , match day fixtures and schedules , team table standings , and stadiums . Developers can deploy the API in website automation or application integration . The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 FantasyData.com provides developers , the fantasy community , and media clients around the world with real-time content and statistical data of different sports disciplines . Its product portfolio features a variety of fantasy sports , web applications , and a host of RESTful APIs that include the NCAA Football Stats API .
 The FantasyData NCAA Football Stats API supports real time transmission of weekly and seasonal NFL statistics including player and team game stats , player profiles , box scores , player game stats by player , and player game stats by team . Developers can deploy the API in website automation or application integration . The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format .
 The Fantasy Basketball Nerd REST API in XML and JSON formats integrates basketball data including players , rankings , projections , depth charts , and injuries . Information is retrieved from NBA.com , ESPN.com , CBS Sportsline , FOX Sports , and Yahoo . Even though the API is free and open , developers are asked to provide a link to FantasyBasketballNerd.com
 The Unofficial GoPro API allows developers to obtain camera parameters such as photo resolution , and battery status . Additionally , it can be used to control , livestream , or obtain data from a GoPro Wi-Fi enabled camera . This REST based API supports JSON for data exchange .
 The Eredivisie Live Scores API provides access to the analytical summaries of the previous , ongoing , and upcoming matches of the top-flight league in Netherlands . The API generates team and player profiles as well as live updates of match results and league table standings . It is a useful reference for pre-match and post-match analyses for users seeking for records of teams and players in the Dutch football league . Such information includes season-long and match day details of starting lineups , substitute players , player fitness , match events , match day scorers , and league ’s top scorers . The Eredivisie Live Scores API generates requests and responses in JSON format . It is a fully released and well-documented version that is supported by Curl , Java , Node.js , PHP , Python , Objective-C , Ruby , and . NET wrappers . It is available in Basic , Pro , Ultra , and Mega subscription plans that charge fixed monthly costs of between $ 0 and $ 600 plus prorated costs for extra content exceeding the fixed limits .
 The Medalbot API tracks the total number of medals bagged by the different countries participating in the 2016 Olympics in Rio , Brazil . It generates summary tables of the Gold , Silver , and Bronze medals won by each country as well as the total count of the medals awarded during the competition . The Medalbot API is a RESTful platform that returns responses in JSON format . Developers can access the credentials of the API ’s independent developer along with its additional operational parameters on Github .
 The Ligue 1 Live Scores API provides access to the analytical summaries of the previous , ongoing , and upcoming matches of France's top-flight football ( soccer ) league . The API generates team and player profiles as well as live updates of match results and league table standings . It is a useful reference for pre-match and post-match analyses for users seeking for records of teams and players in the French football league . Such information includes season-long and match day details of starting lineups , substitute players , player fitness , match events , match day scorers , and league ’s top scorers . The Ligue 1 Live Scores API generates requests and responses in JSON format . It is a fully released and well-documented version that is supported by Curl , Java , Node.js , PHP , Python , Objective-C , Ruby , and . NET wrappers . It is available in Basic , Pro , Ultra , and Mega subscription plans that charge fixed monthly costs of between $ 0 and $ 600 plus prorated costs for extra content exceeding the fixed limits .
 The Russian League Live Scores API provides access to the analytical summaries of the previous , ongoing , and upcoming matches of Russia ’s top-flight league . The API generates team and player profiles as well as live updates of match results and league table standings . It is a useful reference for pre-match and post-match analyses for users seeking for records of teams and players in the Russian football ( soccer ) league . Such information includes season-long and match day details of starting lineups , substitute players , player fitness , match events , match day scorers , and league ’s top scorers . The Russian League Live Scores API generates requests and responses in JSON format . It is a fully released and well-documented version that is supported by Curl , Java , Node.js , PHP , Python , Objective-C , Ruby , and . NET wrappers . It is meshed in Basic , Pro , Ultra , and Mega subscription plans that charge fixed monthly costs of between $ 0 and $ 600 plus prorated costs for extra content exceeding the fixed limits .
 The FantasyData MLB API provides real time coverage of all MLB games , including play-by-play and pitch-by-pitch details . Other features include : odds , weather , probable pitchers , projected / official starting lineups , projected stats / fantasy points , FanDuel / DraftKings salaries , and more !
 The League Details REST API provides soccer information about the italian league Serie A . It allows you to retrieve league details like identifier , slug , nation or federation . Sports Open Data provides access to information on season details , round matches , available players and more .
 This REST API allows you to get live Football ( Soccer ) scores . Roanuz Football API provides real time data on stats and other metrics for the Indian Summer League 2015 . Roanuz is a software company specializing in AI , web and mobile apps .
 This REST API allows you to get the full details of a Indian Super league Football ( Soccer ) match . Roanuz Match API provides real time data on stats and other metrics . Roanuz is a software company specializing in AI , web and mobile apps .
 This REST API allows you get all information about a season such as matches , teams , players , rounds and groups . Roanuz Cricket API's provide real time data and other metrics for various leagues including ; International ( ICC ) , Indian Premier League ( IPL T20 ) , Big Bash League and more . Roanuz is a software company specializing in AI , web and mobile apps .
 This REST API allows you access to stats for the given season ( series ) . Responses are Fielding , Batting , Bowling and Total Number of Fours , Sixes and Runs scored in the season . Roanuz Cricket API's provide real time data and other metrics for various leagues including ; International ( ICC ) , Indian Premier League ( IPL T20 ) , Big Bash League and more . Roanuz is a software company specializing in AI , web and mobile apps .
 This REST API allows you to get a points table for the given season . Roanuz Cricket API's provide real time data and other metrics for various leagues including ; International ( ICC ) , Indian Premier League ( IPL T20 ) , Big Bash League and more . Roanuz is a software company specializing in AI , web and mobile apps .
 This REST API allows you to get information about team and players in the season team . Roanuz Cricket API's provide real time data and other metrics for various leagues including ; International ( ICC ) , Indian Premier League ( IPL T20 ) , Big Bash League and more . Roanuz is a software company specializing in AI , web and mobile apps .
 This REST API allows you to get the summary of each overs in a match . TEST match , response may be very big . Its useful for showing over comparison , score worm and other charts . Roanuz Cricket API's provide real time data and other metrics for various leagues including ; International ( ICC ) , Indian Premier League ( IPL T20 ) , Big Bash League and more . Roanuz is a software company specializing in AI , web and mobile apps .
 This REST API allows you to get all information about a season such as matches , teams , players , rounds and groups . Roanuz Cricket API's provide real time data and other metrics for various leagues including ; International ( ICC ) , Indian Premier League ( IPL T20 ) , Big Bash League and more . Roanuz is a software company specializing in AI , web and mobile apps .
 This REST API allows you to get live cricket scores from various leagues including ; International ( ICC ) , Indian Premier League ( IPL T20 ) , Big Bash League and more . Roanuz Cricket API's provide real time data on stats and other metrics . Roanuz is a software company specializing in AI , web and mobile apps .
 This REST API allows you to get the full details of a match including ; venue , status , player , teams and more . Roanuz Cricket API's provide real time data on stats and other metrics for various leagues including ; International ( ICC ) , Indian Premier League ( IPL T20 ) , Big Bash League and more . Roanuz is a software company specializing in AI , web and mobile apps .
 This REST API allows you to get a list of all world wide recent matches . It also provides recent matches for a specific season . Roanuz Cricket API's provide real time data on stats and other metrics for various leagues including ; International ( ICC ) , Indian Premier League ( IPL T20 ) , Big Bash League and more . Roanuz is a software company specializing in AI , web and mobile apps .
 This REST API allows you to get a list of all recent seasons . It includes seasons from the last two months , current month and next month . Roanuz Cricket API's provide real time data on stats and other metrics for various leagues including ; International ( ICC ) , Indian Premier League ( IPL T20 ) , Big Bash League and more . Roanuz is a software company specializing in AI , web and mobile apps .
 This REST API allows you to get a schedule for the given month or for the given season for Roanuz Cricket API's . They provide real time data on stats and other metrics for various leagues including ; International ( ICC ) , Indian Premier League ( IPL T20 ) , Big Bash League and more . Roanuz is a software company specializing in AI , web and mobile apps .
 This REST API allows you access to stats about a player for a specified league or board . Roanuz Cricket API's provide real time data and other metrics for various leagues including ; International ( ICC ) , Indian Premier League ( IPL T20 ) , Big Bash League and more . Roanuz is a software company specializing in AI , web and mobile apps .
 The Stattleship API is designed to provide brands with the data they need to connect with sports fans via social media . Stattleship's data scientists help determine which sports , teams , and players a given brand's customers are passionate about . They can then automate the creation of social media assets used to engage with customers before , during , and after a game .
 The MLB GameDay XML Data Python API transmits and interprets real time data of live MLB baseball games . The API provides live updates of the progress of each game , such as scoreboard changes , player statistics , etc. from the start to the end .
 The Euro Cup Live Scores API provides real-time tracking of Euro Cup 2016 ’s match results and statistics . Users can view live statistics for scores , on-target goal attempts , off-target goal attempts , corner kicks , free kicks , penalty kicks , yellow cards , red cards , player substitutions and playtime countdown . The API is a well-documented full release that conveys requests and responses in JSON format . It also accompanied by repositories written in Curl , . Net , Java , Objective-C , PHP , Node , Python , and Ruby languages .
 The JsonOdds API allows developers to integrate odds data for MLB , NBA , NCAA Basketball , NCAA Football , NFL , NHL , MMA , soccer , and tennis into their own websites and applications . JsonOdds is a sports betting odds service designed specifically to provide developers with the data they need to create their own applications .
 Soccerama.pro API is a data streaming platform for professional soccer competitions . The API generates full-season analyses for leagues , tournaments , teams , players , and all fixtures . It sends requests in HTTP protocol and returns responses in JSON format . The API's provider extends coverage to over 325 leagues and cup competitions around the world . However , the number of leagues accessible by the API depends on specific standard or customized plans priced at between EUR15 and EUR125 .
 The LotaData API provides integration of location features with the aim to target mobile advertising efforts . Protocols in JSON . Authorization with API Key . LotaData is a spatiotemporal intelligent service that predicts audiences' habits when they plan their day , attend social events , and shop at their favorite stores .
 Use CricAPI's Cricket Score API to access live cricket match data . The API is RESTful and returns responses with JSON . See the API page for code samples and information on accessing the API .
 Use the Cricket Match API to get a list of matches , the Score API to get the latest scores for those matches . Player stats API ( both Batting and Bowling stats ) gives you the latest for your favourite players .
 The NFL Arrest API provides users access to a database of over 15 years of arrest records for NFL Players . Using this open API , users can query the desired data , which is broken down by team , player , crime , and position . NflArrest.com is the online database of NFL arrest statistics , and includes graphs , lists , as well as an arrest-o-meter .
 The Qalendra Predictions API provides long-range predictions for travel and hospitality . This Restful API responds in the JSON format and employs HTTP Basic Authentication . It is powered by algorithms that ingest big data , compare all destinations at once and identify where the best conditions for vacations , sports and activities are , anywhere in the world , with months in advance . Different data sources are analyzed such as weather , terrain , and traffic . Qalendra offers one pay-per-use plan .
 The Stats FC Dugout REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Stats FC Dugout with other applications . Some example API methods include retrieving football / soccer match results , retrieving league standings , and retrieving top scorers . Stats FC Dugout is a service that provides data for football / soccer across European , English , Spanish , German , Italian , and French league and cup competitions .
 The Sportradar NASCAR API allows developers to integrate their applications with the Sportradar NASCAR database , using RESTful methods . Sportradar is the official data provider for NASCAR . Data provided includes drivers , tracks , schedules , entry list , race leaderboard , driver , rookie , owner , and manufacturer standings , qualifying leaderboard , and more . Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data , odds solutions and fraud detection services .
 The Sportradar Soccer API allows developers to integrate their applications with the Sportradar Soccer database , using RESTful methods . Data provided includes team profiles , player rankings , standings , match summaries , and more . Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data , odds solutions and fraud detection services .
 The Data Sports Group API allows clients / developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Data Sports Group with other applications and to create new applications . Data Sports Group provides live & historical sports data of football events worldwide . The data can be retrieved in various languages , and it can get customized to customer needs to make integration as easiest as possible .
 The Sportradar MLB API lets developers to integrate their applications with the Sportradar MLB database , using RESTful methods . The MLB API provides developers with daily baseball box scores , league , team , and player statistics , play-by-play information , schedules and more . Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data , odds solutions and fraud detection services .
 The Active Popular Activity Search API provides data associated to endurance , team sports , youth camps , tennis leagues , parks & recreation , fitness , classes , outdoor adventure , and business events . This API requires a key , features JSON format , and it returns a list of the most popular activities in the world . ACTIVE.com is an online community revolving around people and the sport and recreational activities that they like to do .
 The NFL Fantasy Football API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of NFL Fantasy Football . Some example API methods include returning standings , returning players , and returning various statistics .
 The NFL Fantasy Football site provides access to football player statistics , game details , football news , and football analysis .
 miCoach is a fitness training platform supported by Adidas that acts as a coaching service . Users are able to create plans or chose pre-made training plans to plan and track workout progress . Users can access a workout calendar , receive feedback , and view fitness analytics . miCoach is an open platform that encourages 3rd party developers to construct apps that employ the miCoach service . miCoach offers a REST API that can be accessed over HTTP in order to return data on personal resources , customer profiles , and completed workouts and achievements . The API data is kept private over an OAuth v2 security protocol with additional verification processed with a " userID " in the URL request .
 The RESTful football-data.org API can be used to retrieve data on European football ( soccer ) leagues . The data , returned in JSON formats , includes information on fixtures ( scheduled games ) , soccer seasons , teams , and more . The API is intended to hold accurate data , but the site states their may be lags with changes as data is not completely in real time . The football-data.org API is developed and maintained by Daniel Freitag , an independent software developer based in Germany . Developers can register for a free API key by visiting this link : http://www.football-data.org/register .
 ProBasketBall hosts a database of the latest statistics from NBA games . Updated daily , the ProBaseketBall API can be called to retrieve NBA statistics , DraftKings salary info and SportsVU player tracking data . HTTP calls to the ProBasketBall API can retrieve data on Teams , Players , Games , Team Stats , Player Stats , Shot Charts , Draft Kings Contests , Draft Kings Players , and more . Accounts can be created to obtain an API key for use . There is no current limit on requests , and ProBasketBall offers a 7 day free trial with a per month paid subscription afterward .
 audioBoom provides audio content from major sports and media outlets , as well as smaller podcasters . Content hosted on audioBoom can be shared via the website , embeddable players , mobile applications , and social media websites . The audioBoom API provides users with access to almost every function the site offers . Full documentation for the API is available on GitHub .
 The midíadía API provides access to nutritional data from thousands of packaged products , allowing developers to create websites and apps that quantify and display relationships between product recipe information . The data could be used for developing applications that help manage special dietary restrictions , such as allergies and intolerances , as well as for optimizing nutrition . The API is well documented through Apiary.com , and uses HTTP requests that accept the JSON protocol . Developers interested in consuming the midíadía API need an API secret key for authorization , which can be obtained through signing up through the midíadía service .
 Garmin Connect is an online community created for , and works with Forerunner , Edge and fēnix products . Garmin Connect stores and analyzes end-user data and supports more than 30 different activity types . The Garmin Connect API provides access to the robust data that comes from the many different activities .
 It takes a whole system to keep track of sports statistics . That ’s why Stats aims to offer an API that can deliver content via FTP , HTTP , web services and socket . The type of sports content is related to information of teams , players , events , statistics , leaders , injuries , polls , player news and photos . Developers as clients can benefit from this API because the system provides encrypted security along with a wide variety of parameters within each API call . This API might be a fit for developers working in the sports' industry who prefer to visualize large amounts of data . Some of the sports include football , basketball , soccer , baseball , fantasy sports and car races . To provide an example , the website displays a sequential flowchart from the SHA-256 encryption to the Stats content .
 The World Cup API provided by Kimono collects data from across the internet to provide up-to-date information on all of the soccer ( football ) teams , players , and matches in the 2014 World Cup . It also includes past player performance information from the players' club teams . Users get unlimited access to the API when they log in to their Kimono Labs account .
 Football-API provides a live scoring service for a variety of football leagues including the english premier league , 15 European leagues , 50 major world leagues , and 350 competitions including the world cup . The Football-API allows users to make REST calls to get current tournament standings , get scheduled match lists , and get live scoring . An account is required with service .
 As the international governing organization for DanceSport , the World DanceSport Federation provides regulations , standards , and advice for competitions in Latin , Standard , Acrobatic , Line , New Vogue , Salsa , Wheelchair , and other types of dance .
 Sport Ngin delivers web software and mobile applications for youth , amateur , and professional sports leagues . The Sport Ngin platform a sports specific content management system , allowing leagues to provide online registration , schedules , rosters , statistics , member management , tournament software , and much more .
 Everysport is a Swedish website that provides visitors with information and services relating to all kinds of sports . Site members can create user profiles , participate in discussions , create groups , and more . They can follow games live with other people and track match results . Members can report from matches , but official results are provided by Everysport Media Service AB .
 The Everysport API allows developers to access information on 90,000 teams and 1,500,000 matches . Although the Everysport website is given only in Swedish , the API documentation is given in English .
 Scorescard is a free API providing programmatic access to live sports scores . The APIâ € ™ s initial launch included only cricket scores , while scores for football , tennis , and other sports are expected to be added soon . The API is able to deliver a list of current matches or scores for a specified match .
 Cricscore is a free API that delivers near real time cricket scores . The API accepts GET calls and returns JSON formatted content . Cricscore is able to deliver a list of available matches as well as scores .
 Club Speed provides race timing and facility management systems for Kart and other racing facilities . Services include timing , HR , financial reporting , scheduling , social network integration , and an online management portal .
 GoalAPI.com provides real-time football scores and league standings via API . Data is available for UEFA leagues , national leagues , and the World Cup . Available data includes kick off date and time , teams , current score , current match status , and brief match metadata .
 Rutgers , The State University of New Jersey , provides a collection of APIs that may be useful to students and others who live or work on campus . The Rutgers APIs can be used to retrieve information on university events , dining locations , sports game scores , campus buildings , facilities' hours of operation , and class schedules . These APIs retrieve data in a variety of formats and all use their own endpoints . ( Information on using the Nextbus API in the Rutgers area is also provided , although it is not one of the University's own APIs . )
 The MCLA ( Men's Collegiate Lacrosse Association ) is the United States' organization for non-varsity college lacrosse programs . The MCLA website offers two APIs : the Expert API and the Widget API . The Expert API allows developers who have obtained the MCLA Board's approval to access rosters , schedules , final game scores , and player statistics . The Widget API allows developers to quickly post information on upcoming games , standings , team schedules , and teams rosters to their website using JavaScript .
 MSW ( Magic SeaWeed ) provides detailed , long range surf forecasts for almost 3000 beaches in 180 countries . The MSW Forecast API offers programmatic access to core weather and ocean data specifically purposed for surfing . The RESTful API provides access to data types such as breaking wave height , wind , temperature , and sea level pressure .
 World Weather Online provides global weather content and forecasts businesses , travel industry , and websites . The World Weather Online Ski and Mountain API method allows developers and programmers to access accurate and reliable weather forecast for Top , Middle and Bottom Elevations . The API uses REST calls and returns weather data in XML and JSON format and contains weather elements like Chance of Snow , Total Snowfall amount , temperature , precipitation ( rainfall ) , weather description , weather icon and wind speed . It could be used for personal as well as for commercial purpose .
 FantasyData.com provides NFL statistical data for fantasy football professionals , developers , and fans . Products include web services , historical team and fantasy database downloads , and a RESTful API .
 The FantasyData NFL API provides developer access to NFL data including live scores , season information , team stats , and box scores . The API is delivered over the Apiphany platform and is offered at four subscription levels , depending on data needs .
 DancesportInfo is an international dance information website that is available to visitors around the world in 19 languages . It provides current news and interviews with professional dancers and coaches along with an active forum with contributions by thousands of registered users . DancesportInfo maintains extensive databases of couples and individual dancers , dancers looking for partners , competition results , and competition photographs . Developers can access much the site's ample information programmatically via SOAP API .
 StatPlat is a professional football data analysis platform , delivering value added data services to aid clubs , bettors , and media groups . The StatPlat API provides programmatic access to platform content . Data types include information on competitions , fixtures , and team ratings .
 GymFlow is an application that lets users know how busy the gym is before they go . Gym traffic varies significantly from day to day and even over the course of an hour . GymFlow partners with local gyms to access card swipe information in order to get real-time data on how many people are in the gym at any given moment . The GymFlow application also uses historical data to predict how crowded the gym will be in the near future , allowing users to plan their schedules accordingly .
 wger Workout Manager provides a REST API for access to all database objects . Public endpoints such as lists of exercises or ingredients are available without authentication . For user owned objects such as workouts , an API key is required .
 Prep Sportswear is an online sportswear store that sells custom high school apparel as well as vintage and pro sports apparel . They also sell clothing bearing the names of golf courses , fraternities , sororities , branches of the military , and more . Prep Sportswear provides a SOAP API that allows users to retrieve lists of available products for a school or team .
 Exposure Basketball Tournaments provides youth basketball tournament management tools , including features such as online registration and payment , pool generation , bracket design , scheduling , and an event dashboard .
 The Xegesis API provides a RESTful interface for automating access and publishing of Xegesis generated content . Responses may be JSON or XML formatted .
 Holdsport is a German website that helps coaches and organizations manage teams and clubs for all kinds of sports . The site provides useful tools like an online calendar , a registration and dues collection system , and a free texting service that lets coaches contact all of their players at once . Holdsport can also be used to keep track of players' contact information and game statistics . Additionally , people can buy sportswear and gear made by companies like Hummel through the website .
 Users can interact with the site's functions programmatically via REST API . Although the Holdsport API documentation is provided in English , the Holdsport website is given solely in German .
 The HockeyStreams API provides a RESTful interface for automating user authentication , live streaming , on-demand streaming of full games , condensed games , and highlights , and score data . The API requires a user account and API Key . Responses are JSON formatted .
 TXODDS is a London-based sports betting odds comparison service , delivering pre-game and in-running odds from bookmakers , betting exchanges , and handicappers . The TXODDS API provides developer access to dynamically updated odds data via customizable XML feeds . Data can be filled by data type and market segment .
 Skimap.org is an online database of ski area maps . The database includes maps from resorts worldwide , as well as historical maps . The Skimap.org API provides developer access to the websites resources , including region data , ski area data , and map files . The RESTful API returns XML or JSON formatted responses .
 Xmlstats is a straightforward API for obtaining MLB ( Major League Baseball ) and NBA ( National Basketball Association ) statistics in either XML or JSON format . Using the RESTful API , users can retrieve a list of events for a given date , the current standings table , the box score for a game , and each team's results for the current season for both the MLB and NBA .
 ErgDB , created by 73 Summits , provides a place for users to create and share PowerAgent and Erg bicycle training workouts . Workouts use a percentage of FTP as watts , allowing users to use their own FTP when generating workouts .
 The ErgDB API provides developer interface for searching and exporting workouts . Workouts are exported in . erg format . Support for Multi-Rider and PowerAgent is expected to be forthcoming . Search responses may be JSON or CSV formatted .
 ClimbingWeather.com provides pinpoint weather data for climbing sites . Weather data is pulled from the National Weather Service National Digital Forecast Database . The ClimbingWeather.com API provides a RESTful interface for interacting with the siteâ € ™ s area and forecast data . The API returns JSON formatted responses .
 The service provides updated lift status for ski resorts across North America and some in Europe . It aggregates a number of separate data feeds to report on lifts in operation and out of service at selected resorts along with details of lift ticket prices and discounts offered by the resorts . Data feeds from other resorts can be added .
 API methods support submission of a request specifying a resort name or a U.S. state , Canadian province , or other jurisdiction . Methods return a listing of operating status reported for lifts at the specified resort or for all resorts in the specified location . Data refreshes every 65 seconds .
 NFLData.com provides pro football statistical data for personal and professional use . Products include weekly and seasonal data at the player and team level . The NFLData.com API allows developers to automate website or application integration . The API returns JSON or XML formatted data .
 SnoCountry exists to highlight and disseminate snow conditions , mountain weather , snowsport events , and ski resort information . The SnoCountry API provides developer access to snow conditions and resort data . Responses may be returned in JSON or HTML format .
 OpenSnow.com provides meteorologist-crafted snow reports and forecasts for ski resorts across America . The OpenSnow API provides developer access to ski area forecasts . Responses may be returned in XML , JSON , or CSV format .
 Fleetly is a fitness website that hopes to to increase user participation and achievement by making the activities social and competitive . The service includes a list of workouts and a list of challenges that the user attempts to accomplish . The API is available free of charge and gives the user access to the Fleetly workout data . An account is required to access the service .
 Swellcast provides surf and weather information for many locations in Australia . Swellcast offers forecast information for beaches and surf in Australia .
 The Swellcast API allows developers to access and integrate the data of Swellcast with other applications and to create new applications . The API methods are returning information on surf forecasts by all states , by specific states , and by location .
 RunAlong is a health community for females to join each other on group rins or walks . The RunAlong API allows users to make dozens of calls including creating new user profiles , retrieving lists of users , uploading photos , checking run maps , and connecting with other users . The API uses REST calls and can return XML or JSON . For authentication , the service uses HTTP Basic Authentication .
 GG.com is an online community for horse racing enthusiasts . Tipzone Pro provides professional tipsters with proofing service and collects professional tipster information for GG.com users . The GG.com Tipzone Pro SOAP API allows tipsters to automate their selections .
 RTRT.me provides real-time race tracking and timing services for running events . The RTRT.me API provides developers with RESTful access to event details , participant data , and real-time results information including runnersâ € ™ pace , speed , and more . Responses are JSON formatted .
 SpeedskatingResults.com provides long track metric competition results from ovals worldwide . The SpeedskatingResults.com API provides developer access to results data including a skaterâ € ™ s personal records or season bests , competition lists , and seed times . Results are XML formatted .
 ProFit is an online personal training service . Users may design and follow their own training plan and track their process on the ProFit website . Data is recorded for each user so that they can review it whenever they wish . ProFit's functions can be accessed programmatically using a SOAP API . The ProFit website is provided solely in German .
 RunSignUp is a service for runners and race directors , providing race website creation , runner registration support , and more . The RunSignUp API provides a RESTful interface for developers to integrate 3rd party applications and services such as timing , results , and participant management functions .
 The service provides for compliance with requirements of the U.K. government for reporting of commercial fishing activities , both amounts and species of fish caught and sales completed . Vessel owners and operators of commercial fishing businesses use the service to report their catch and sales information . Other sellers and resellers as well as buyers can use the service to fulfill their own reporting requirements .
 FitnessWizard.com is a website that provides fitness software and software development services . The FitnessWizard API provides users with programmatic access to tools for performing physical fitness assessments . These tools account for heart rate , metabolic rate , blood pressure , body mass index , skinfold measurements , hydrostatic weighing , and body measurements . Calculations are performed using SOAP calls to a given WSDL endpoint .
 nNetis provides a database of tennis courts , tennis clubs , and tennis shops around the country . The data is presented in map form with details including , number of courts at the location , if the courts have lights , if it is indoor , what type of court it is , if the location has a pro shop and what services the shop offers . The nNetis Tennis Database API enables users to utilize the facility database on third-party websites . Examples usages include adding a search box to find local courts or adding a localized facility map . The API is JSON based and free of charge within reasonable usage limits .
 The XML ME Sporting Goods Finder API allows users to search for sporting goods programmatically . The service accepts a search string and returns a URL pointing to the sporting goods search results . The target data resources for this search service are not specified . This API uses SOAP calls issued in XML format .
 The Trail API allows developers to get access to thousands of outdoor recreation points of interest including trails , campgrounds , and ski resorts . Developers can also pull photos , ratings , and descriptions into their mobile app or website . The Trail API uses Javascript requests and receives callbacks in JSON with the option of using JSONP .
 The service provides frequently updated reports of snow conditions , including new snowfall and related weather events , for ski resorts worldwide . It also provides information about resort facilities and activities useful for winter sports enthusiasts and vacation travel planners .
 API methods support specification of a location or region to receive listings of ski resorts nearby and retrieval of existing and new snow reported by those facilities . Methods also support retrieval of resort profiles , photos and images , and special deals or promotions offered .
 The service provides directory listings for approximately 2000 ski resorts around the globe . It generates listings of the nearest skiing facilities for any position on Earth specified by latitude and longitude sorted by distance from the selected location .
 API methods accept a request specifying latitude and longitude anywhere on the globe and return listings of the nearest ski resorts , with distance in miles from the specified location . Results come from a database estimated to list 25 % of the ski facilities in the world .
 The service compiles results of endurance races for access by the athletes themselves and others interested in the outcomes . It accumulates race completion times and other results by competitor and provides complete listings along with athlete profiles and social networking functions for interaction between them .
 The OpenCaching API gives users the ability to query all of the data stored in the OpenCaching.com database . The service can also authorize users to update and write to the database . The API uses REST calls and will return JSON , XML , or plain text depending on which data request is sent . The OpenCaching service is a community based geocaching service with user generated content . The site is a subsidiary of Garmin Ltd .
 DGcoursereview.com provides an extensive database of disc golf courses across the United States which is accessible through the DGCourseReview API . This REST API allows users to build course details , ratings , hole information , and other data into sites and applications . An API key is required for use , and display requirements must be met for API use to be granted . The API has usage limit set to 100 calls per day during beta development , but once an app has been finalized a plan must be selected governing usage .
 ESPN ALPS is a scoring API for Basketball and Lacrosse that allows users to submit live scoring data to ESPN . The API is holding a competition for developers with over $ 10k in cash prizes . The service uses SOAP calls and returns JSON . API authentication uses an access key and a shared secret .
 The SpitCast API allows users to access SpitCasts surf prediction algorithm . The API uses the REST protocol and returns JSON surf predictions . The service provides surf data for regions along the California coast . To see example uses visit the SpitCast API home page .
 StatsFC Premier League is a service that provides English Premier League statistics for soccer / football . Statistic features include tables , fixtures , results , forms , and top scorers .
 Willpath is a service that allows users track their healthy choices . Users register their fitness tracking sensor devices , such as FitBit , with Willpath . They can also keep track of their diet via Willpath . The more healthful choices they make , the more credit users receive . This credit can be redeemed with participating charities and retailers . Users can also gain more credit by attaining sponsors . The Willpath API exposes the aggregated data about user performance and the entirety of the crediting system . It is a RESTful API that returns JSON-encoded data .
 Watch ! is a service that lets fans search for a place to watch their favorite sports team and then book a table at that locale . Restaurants and bars register with the service to participate . Listed games are primarily from La Liga ( Spain ) , the Euroleague , and the NBA . Listed bars are primarily in Europe and major US cities . The API offers users the same functionality as the web interface with outputs in JSON format .
 OpenLigaDB is an open community operated database for entering and retrieving sports information . This information , primarily centered on football results can be used in the creation and running of leagues . The API provides access to the data stored on the site . This data includes date and time of games , group information , name and URL of teams , game outcomes , latest updates to the game data and more . The API can also be used to manage leagues including adding and editing of teams and schedules and entering the game results . It uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML . The site and documentation are in German .
 Don Best Sports is a web site that provides real time odds , information and news on various sports . The Don Best Sports API allows users to access the site data via web calls . The available data includes schedule , messages , injuries , betting lines , scores , teams , leagues and SportsBooks . The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML .
 The service provides training tools and social interactions for bicycling hobbyists . It is under development by avid cyclists from Austin , Texas , to help others track rides and record performance , with plans for route guidance and suggestions . Social networking tools for interactions among cyclists also are anticipated .
 GSMâ € ™ s data feeds allows for you to easily store our content within your own systems and platforms . Our feeds provide a uniform structure across the different sports we provide , allowing for easy integration .
 The API provides the largest collection of football ( soccer ) coverage in the market with more than 850 leagues / cups offered . Additional sports include American Football , Baseball , Basketball , Ice Hockey , Golf , Cricket , Rugby , Tennis , Motorsports , Handball , Volleyball , and Australian Football .
 Customers are given access to our Client Portal , providing in-depth documentation , DTDâ € ™ s and sample code examples . Additional overviews on what content is and is not available can be viewed in real-time along with our coverage for all competitions covered globally for easy planning of future event coverage .
 iScore sports creates ESPN affiliated apps for baseball / softball , basketball , and football . Additionally , iScore also provides websites and stat-recording services for individual teams of any level .
 The iScore Sports Team Website API provides those who have purchased an iScore Team Website with a variety of methods for retrieving information from the website . The API allows users to get information about a team's roster , individual games , or player-specific statistics .
 This API operates over HTTP and returns data as XML . Access is restricted to those with a Team Website account ; users can create a password using their iSports account , which must be included in each API call .
 Part of an effort by the UN's Fisheries and Aquaculture Organization to modernize , improve , and streamline the global flow of information about fishery statistics , fishery resources , and stock status and trends . Web services are part of establishing an open and interoperable platform based on XML , HTTP and REST to make available selected information from the organization's Fisheries and Aquaculture Fact Sheets . The API gives access to lists of fact sheets by domain and international language , fish stocks by species and geographic area , etc .
 Oobgolf is a virtual representation of the social golfer network . It provides golfers with access to proven tools and concepts of social networking and consumer submitted and edited content . The RESTful API provides the user with access to site data . The data covers golfers , courses and scores .
 The FanFeedr platform provides aggregated sports news and data for 55,000 athletes and 4,000 teams from over 8,000 sources . FanFeedr partners with Getty Images to offer images for customers seeking an affordable content provision solution . The Image API solution provides photos to supplement websites or applications in a meaningful way . It returns a list of image ids and descriptions . The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON .
 eOddsmaker is an online software that provides sport betting odds compilation and analysis services using the Oddsmaker engine . eOddsmaker also provides users with information that will enable them to stay up to date with the global market on the sport gambling industry . By using the API , developers will be able to integrate this database into their applications . The API uses SOAP protocol , and responses are in XML format .
 FishingBuddy is part of the Total Outdoor Network ( TON ) which offers an API to third-party developers to access FishingBuddy content , as well as publish to the site . The API uses the HTTP protocol and returns responses in REST and JSON .
 The BodyMedia FIT system includes a wearable Armband that collects user data points each day and an online Activity Manager where users input their body parameters , set personal goals and log food intake . The API gives developers the ability to interact with the data for users who have granted them access . Developers can then use this data in third party products , applications , and services . The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON .
 Challonge is a service to create tournament brackets . Users can make single elimination , double elimination and round-robin brackets , in addition to the FIDE-based Swiss system . The Challonge API expands tournament creation and control to the programmatic level . You can create tournaments on the fly and report scores directly from your application . This allows you to define score reporting permissions that fit your user model , and provide a more seamless tournament experience for your users .
 WinTheTrophy offers developers their BetBot API which gives access to making sports bets . The API features a RESTful protocol and returns data via the JSON and XML formats .
 The Kumutu API allows users to interact and " sync " with suppliers from your own web sites and applications . Kumutu gives adventure operators an exclusive opportunity to market , sell and distribute their activities from one central location . Kumutu provides a distribution system for adventure activity operators and activities worldwide via a Rest XML and JSON API . Operators and activities include white water rafting , rock climbing , kite surfing , scuba diving , surfing , etc .
 Openfooty offers the latest football ( soccer ) videos , a community , a proprietary dreamfooty fantasy football game , user profiles , and fan traits and fan valuation leaderboards . The openfooty API makes the footytube technology platform available to developers , editors , publishers , and footy addicts who want to dig deep into the world of football ( soccer ) . The API is offered via a RESTful protocol and returns data in JSON or PHP format .
 Map My Tracks is the easy way to accurately track and share your sporting activities or sports events live . In real-time , friends , spectators , coaches or sponsors can follow the action as it happens . Map My Tracks turns your mobile phone into your personal real-time GPS tracking device . Using a mobile phone with built-in GPS or an external GPS receiver you can map and track your location in real-time . Map My Tracks brings a new insight into your sporting activity , provides a competitive edge and makes training fun . Map My Tracks let your friends , competitors or parents know where you are right now .
 Map My Tracks provides a simple interface that allows developpers to access and update their activity data . You can use this API to make your own widgets or applications that seamlessly integrate Map My Tracks with other services .
 Walker Tracker is a site for pedometer enthusiasts to share their steps and compete for the highest counts . The API provides access to a user's steps , friends and groups so that the data can be re-visualized or included in other applications .
