 Authorize.Net provides IP based payment gateway services . The Authorize.Net API enables developers to integrate digital payments into applications . It is optimized for mobile , provides PCI compliance , has iOS and Android SDKs , and stores customer payment information with digital wallet technology . It integrates with Visa Checkout , bank accounts and PayPal , and features methods for fraud management , transaction reporting and recurring billing .
 The API provides a platform for customizable integration options to meet the payment processing needs of a variety of merchants . Often the API is used to build white label integrations .
 Bittrex provides live data on the cryptocurrency market and acts as a currency exchange platform . The Bittrex API is a simple RESTful API for programmatically accessing a user's account and interacting with management functionality . The API supports virtually all functionality that is accessible via the Bittrex web interface , such as making trades , withdrawals , and deposits , and checking account balances and currency prices . The limit on HTTP requests is 500 open orders and 200,000 orders a day . A registered account and a custom API key are required for API usage .
 The Recurly API provides a recurring subscription billing system for online businesses . It is available in REST architecture with XML and JSON formats , public key , basic auth , and token as authentication methods secured in SSL , and HTTP status codes . With the API , developers can integrate recurring billing features including adjustments , invoices , plans , and subscriptions .
 The Neto application programmer interface enables third party software to interact with the Neto E-commerce Suite . Requests can be made in XML or JSON and returns Categories , Warehouses , Customers and more . Neto is an all-in-one hosted ecommerce software solution based in Australia .
 Blockchain is a service that provides information on bitcoins and block chain data . Blockchain also allows users to manage their online bitcoin currency with online wallets .
 Mobbr is a crowd-based payment platform . The Mobbr API is a payment app for collaboration and crowd-sourcing . Mobbr accepts POST and PUT requests , and returns responses , in JSON or XML . Authentication is made via HTTP Basic Auth . Use the Mobbr API to make peer-to-peer payments , find individuals for a task , seek out tasks for a user , or manage a crowd funding campaign . Mobbr can pay to usernames , emails , Twitter users or bitcoin addresses and more . See the project documentation for more information and to access a sandbox API .
 The Business Policies Management API gives sellers the ability to apply consistent business policies to all listings in a category rather than entering in policy information individually . When a seller's category is updated with the API , all listings in that group are updated as well . These programmable factors include shipping , payment , and return details . The RESTful Business Policies Management API accepts HTTP requests and can return in JSON or XML .
 CaptchaCoin is a captcha solving service that allows users to both use the service to have their own captchas solved , or users can solve captchas and receive payment for the service in bitcoins . The CaptchaCoin API allows users to submit captchas to be solved . The API uses REST calls , and an account is required with service , as well as an API key .
 mcxNOW is a digital currency exchange platform where users can buy and trade multiple currencies . The site handles Bitcoin , among other currencies , and offers low trading fees , a C++ trading engine , anonymous trading , and 3 tier network security . The mcxNOW API allows users to check the site order book for the last traded price , and the trading volume . The service uses REST calls and returns XML .
 Based on open standards , it provides a cost effective , integrated and scalable platform for software vendors and developers who want to concentrate on their product ’s core functionality instead of spending resources on developing an own license management software .
 Paymentwall provides a solution for globally monetizing digital goods and services , assisting game publishers , dating sites , rewards sites , and many others in monetizing their digital content . The Paymentwall API allows customers to install customized Paymentwall widgets into their applications .
 API methods support creating an order specifying the person or entity making the payment , the amount paid , and the recipient . The payment request generates a confirmation message from the service allowing verification of the data . When the requesting site responds to the confirmation request , methods process the payment and return data allowing the payment to be tracked by all parties . Methods also allow processing of refunds of previously processed payments .
 TransferNow is an online funds transfer solution that gives users the ability to securely transfer funds between accounts they own that are held at more than 23,000 banks , credit unions and brokerages via the ACH network . The TransferNow XML API allows developers to integrate the product modules with their financial institution's existing processes . Public documentation is not available .
 The service provides a secure payment platform for integration with applications needing checkout functions for credit card and ACH ( automated clearing house ) transactions . Existing shopping cart packages already integrate with the service , creating a range of solutions for applications .
 Block Explorer is a service that provides information on bitcoins and block chain data . Block Explorer also allows users to manage their online bitcoin currency with online wallets .
 The Venmo API is made up of two different public APIs . " The Payment Links API provides a simple method for sending invoices or suggested payments via any medium ( Email , SMS , Facebook , Twitter ) . Payment links have 3 optional parameters and are constructed by adding these parameters to the base URL . The Receipts API allows every Venmo user to send receipt data for payments they receive to a third party webservice . By default , users get receipts via Email and SMS , but the Receipts API provides a simple method for automating followup actions to payments ( like collecting a postal address for fulfillment or automating digital fulfillment via email ) . " Please note , from the company : " The Venmo Developer API is , and will be , available to all existing users and we will continue to support those partners , including Braintree merchants who use the Payouts API . We have , however , discontinued accepting new beta users of the API as we are focusing efforts to open up the beta to pay with Venmo . Focusing our efforts on allowing users to pay with Venmo within select merchant apps allows us to provide many of the capabilities previously powered by the API , now with optimal user and developer experiences alike . "
 The Dwolla API provides an interface to integrate the Dwolla payments platform into a software application . Dwolla provides white labeled bank transfer payment services that includes is a simple yet powerful API for ACH transfers .
 The API provides developers with the functionality to transfer money to users , send mass payments , transfer money between users , facilitate bank verification and authorization , and retrieve transfer history . The RESTful API implements HATEOS and HAL , and responses are formatted in JSON .
 Dapi is a unified open banking API that allows developers to retrieve data on users' financial information and make payments within applications . Methods are available to obtain financial data about user identity , accounts , account balance , account transactions , and account metadata . Also to perform financial operations such as payments , on a users' behalf . Developers must register and conduct application creation in the Dapi dashboard .
 [ Welcome to WeCashUp , the new way of accepting Mobile Money payments across Africa with one single integration . The WeCashUp API is based on the REST architecture and uses the conventional HTTP response codes to indicate responses returned by our API . Our architecture is highly secure , so to securely interact with the WECASHUP API , all our partners must also secure the way they use API resources . The API uses JSON data format for all responses . With WeCashUp API , you can do the following CRUD operations :
 Through its developer portal , PayByFace enables third party application developers to integrate their customers biometric face templates with a tokenized card on file . Such customers will be able to pay for their in-store shopping at any PayByFace merchant by simply have their faces scanned by a camera enabled tablet installed at point of sale . The payment is then processed via an e-commerce payment gateway without the need for the endusers to touch anything . PayByFace provides a unified interface that exposes several functions of the PayByFace system capabilities for 3rd party developers to use in their own mobile apps .
 Data in return includes card tokenization , payment profile , and transaction search . Developers can use Base64Encoded to authenticate .
 The Fidel API retrieves global payment data in real-time . With the API , developers can implement cards , offers , locations , and transactions into applications . They can authenticate with an API Key to make calls that will display JSON formats in return .
 Mobbex is a payments platform based in Argentina . The Mobbex API enables checkout capabilities , payment orders , QR code features , loyalty programs , and currency conversions . The API features API Key and Token based authentication , requires JSON formatted payloads , and returns JSON formatted responses . Mobbex is capable of sending payment orders using WhatsApp , social media , email , and receiving payments using their proprietary MultiPOS device .
 The BDApps Pro CaaS API allows developers to monetize their apps with micropayments . It includes methods for retrieving the account balance of a given subscriber , charging specific amounts from a subscriber's account , and more .
 BDApps is an application development platform that provides Robi network tools for monetization and messaging . BDApps is based in Bangladesh .
 Postman collection is available . Developers can authenticate with an API Key to make calls that will retrieve JSON format in return .
 Bleumi enables developers to integrate digital currency payment capabilities with their applications . Bleumi provides one integration with support for any digital currency on the following blockchain networks : Algorand , Ethereum , rsk , xDAI , and Libra . The Bleumi API allows users to pay using credit and debit cards , and digital currencies including Tether USD , USD Coin , Stasis EURO , and CryptoFranc . The API features REST architecture and API Key authentication .
 The BitLaunch API provides access to ; details about a transaction , data revolving around a server , the ability to list all SSH keys for an account and more . This API requires that you generate an access Token to authenticate services for ; Account , SSH Keys , Creation Options , Transactions and Servers . BitLaunch.io provides anonymous VPS services and accepts cryptocurrency as payment , from hosts that includes ; DigitalOcean , Vultr and Linode .
 The Rapyd Wallet API provides services to ; create a Rapyd Wallet , change or modify a Rapyd Wallet , retrieve the details of a Rapyd Wallet and more . Rapyd Payments provides a way to manage transactions in the Rapyd Payments service . Rapyd builds services that offer local payment methods and create a way for fintech applications to integrate functionality and scale globally .
 Developers can authenticate with token and make calls that will retrieve JSON format in return . Learn more about QuadPay in this link :
 The OpenPayd Webhooks API are HTTP callbacks that receive notification messages for OpenPayd events . This includes the following types ; Currency , Account Created , Currency Account Status Update , Client Created and more . The OpenPayd API allows you to develop custom solutions that manage your organization ’s payments . It is an integration with the functionality for a modern finance department to manage the entire cash flow from collection to payout . OpenPayd provides a way to scale payment flows , simplify treasury , process payments in real-time and reduce costs , with solutions that are used directly or integrated as a white-label proposition to combine multi-currency accounts , payments , FX and card processing solutions .
 The TrueAccord API allows collecting debts of credit card issuers , consumer loans , and real estate users . Authenticate to the TrueAccord API by providing the API key as username using HTTP Basic Authentication .
 The Rapyd Webhooks API provides a way to receive a callback that is triggered by an event in the Rapyd Payments platform . This Rapyd API is a notifications service that allows you to access relevant information about an event such as ; fraud detection and prevention , finalizing a transaction , an audit trail and more . Rapyd builds services that offer local payment methods and create a way for fintech applications to integrate functionality and scale globally .
 The Rapyd Payments API provides a way to manage transactions to ; Collect payments , Disburse funds , Manage Rapyd Wallets and others . Rapyd builds services that offer local payment methods and create a way for fintech applications to integrate functionality and scale globally .
 The Checkbook.io API sends and receives funds without checks . Checkbook.io provides an API Key and an API Secret with demo , sandbox , and production environments to authenticate and make calls to the API .
 PostFinance's E-Payment API enables developers to programmatically access financial related resources in their applications . The API returns hosted checkout data , payment information , refund processing information , and products . The API features REST architecture and Token-based authentication . PostFinance is a fintech company based in Switzerland .
 The SpectroCoin Bitcoin API provides exchange , wallet , debit card , and payment processor data in JSON format .
 The OpenPayd API lets you develop custom solutions to manage your organization ’s payments . It offers an integration with the functionality needed for a modern finance department to manage the entire cash flow from collection to payout . OpenPayd provides a way to expand into international markets by connecting to the OpenPayd banking and payments infrastructure to scale payment flows , simplify treasury , process payments in real-time and reduce costs . OpenPayd solutions are used directly or integrated as a white-label proposition to combine multi-currency accounts , payments , FX and card processing solutions .
 The PAY.JP API combines several payment methods in one platform including Apple Pay , their proprietary PayID , and card-based methods such as VISA , AMEX , and Discover . The API provides methods that improve eCommerce capabilities including customer data , transfers , events , products , and accounts . The PAY.JP API implements API Key based authentication .
 Splitit provides credit card based installment plans on purchases . Splitit transactions are approved based on the customer's credit line , when the card is accepted . The Splitit API enables developers to initiate , create , approve , and cancel installment plans in their applications . Requests and responses are JSON formatted .
 The Partner Money Transfer services enable you with the ability to leverage the Western Union in-person and account payout network to offer new or expanded existing remittance services . Western Union provides a way to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application , online or agent locations .
 The Partner Payments services enable you with the ability to collect funds from and disburse funds to customers . Western Union provides a way to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application , online or agent locations .
 The Partner Payments services enable you with the ability to collect funds from and disburse funds to customers . Western Union provides a way to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application , online or agent locations .
 The Partner Payments services enable you with the ability to collect funds from and disburse funds to customers . Western Union provides a way to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application , online or agent locations .
 The Partner Payments services enable you with the ability to collect funds from and disburse funds to customers . Western Union provides a way to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application , online or agent locations .
 the Bank of the Payment Service User through its interfaces . The API provides an interface to access Multibanco Payment services that are designed on a REST model utilizing JSON structures . Examples are available for cURL , Ruby , Python , PHP , Java , NodeJS , Go and Swift . SIBS builds tools to define the future of the digital economy in Europe and beyond .
 The SIBS Payment Initiation API allows users to initiate a payment from a client's request , using one of the payment instruments made available by the Bank of the Payment Service User . This API provides an interface to access PSD2 Payment services that are designed on a REST model utilizing JSON structures . It allows you to request the creation of a payment initiation , update user data , Get payment requests and more . Examples are available for cURL , Ruby , Python , PHP , Java , NodeJS , Go and Swift . SIBS builds tools to define the future of the digital economy in Europe and beyond .
 The SIBS Payment Initiation API allows users to initiate a payment using one of the payment products made available by the Bank of the Payment Service User . It allows you to access a payment initiation request , update PSU data , request properties of a payment initiation and more . This API provides an interface to access Payment services that are designed on a REST model utilizing JSON structures . Examples are available for cURL , Ruby , Python , PHP , Java , NodeJS , Go and Swift . SIBS builds tools to define the future of the digital economy in Europe and beyond .
 The AuthVia API retrieves text payment features , aiming to complete purchases over a mobile phone . Developers can authenticate with an API Key to make calls that will display JSON formats in return . AuthVia is a service to make payments via a simple text message .
 The Crowdz API retrieves business payments data , aiming to eliminate invoice use . Developers can authenticate with an API Key to make calls that will display JSON formats in return . Crowdz is a business payment and invoicing platform . This service is built on an Ethereum blockchain-based platform .
 The FedaPay API retrieves mobile payment data including checkout , transactions , refunds , payment requests , payouts , currencies , and payment methods . Developers can authenticate with an API Key to make calls that will display JSON formats in return . FedaPay is a payments service headquartered in Republic of Benin , West Africa .
 The UniversalPay API enables payment management and transaction support in approved third-party applications . The API features REST architecture , and returns JSON formatted responses . UniversalPay supports retail payments , eCommerce integrations , and mobile payments . UniversalPay is a Spanish provider of specialized payment solutions .
 This Western Union Money Transfer service allows you to connect to the Western Union in-person and account payout network for remittance services . It provides a way to return service options and corresponding fee estimates , validate a Money Transfer transaction , create a Money Transfer transaction and more . Western Union enables you with the ability to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application , online or agent locations .
 This Western Union Partner Payments API allows users to collect funds from and disburse funds to customers . It provides a way to create an ‘ order ’ within Western Union , and to be notified once the order has been completed . The Partnership APIs are REST services to create a Western Union order and make it available for fulfillment , return the current status of a previously created order and more . Western Union enables you with the ability to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application , online or agent locations .
 The ONE INC API retrieves payment data for insurance solutions , with features for premium services , security and compliance , digital engagement , reporting , and ClaimsPay ® . Methods are available for credit card data , transactions , and ETF . Developers can use a token to authenticate the API and make calls that support JSON and XML formats in return . ONE INC provides payment services for insurance companies .
 The Fidel API retrieves global payment data in real-time . With the API , developers can implement cards , offers , locations , and transactions into applications . They can authenticate with an API Key to make calls that will display JSON formats in return .
 The Coinpush API enables users to accept cryptocurrency payments . Coinpush provides a free API that's easy to get started with . It enables the integration of : Bitcoin , Bitcoin Cash and Litecoin payments into your businesses or web applications .
 The ParaSwap API allows applications and traders to access liquidity , price feeds , instant swaps , and payments . The API operates as a decentralized exchange hub , obtaining the nest price to building a transaction payload .
 Generate BPAY CRN is a set of APIs that can generate Customer Reference Numbers ( including iCRNs ) for a specific Biller Code that would meet the requirements of the Biller's selected check digit rules and validation routine ( s ) in BPAY ’s Biller File . A QR Code may also be provided in the response for Billers or their Service Providers to include on their Bills or payment instruction notices .
 Terms and Conditions apply . We may request further information in connection with your application . You may be required to complete API Certification before we provide you access to the Production APIs .
 Terms and Conditions apply . We may request further information in connection with your application . You may be required to complete API Certification before we provide you access to the Production APIs .
 Terms and Conditions apply . We may request further information in connection with your application . You may be required to complete API Certification before we provide you access to the Production APIs .
 This API service provides you and your customers the ability to validate biller codes included in BPAY Payments before the payments are submitted to the bank for processing . This API service retrieves BPAY Billers Short Name , BPAY Biller Long Name , Industry ( ANZSIC ) Code , Variable Customer Reference Number Indicator , Valid Length ( s ) of Customer Reference Number and Accepted Payment Methods for a supplied Biller Code .
 Terms and Conditions apply . We may request further information in connection with your application . You may be required to complete API Certification before we provide you access to the Production APIs .
 Remita enables developers to integrate payment capabilities with applications . This platform can be utilized to pay invoices , receive payments , implement payroll for businesses , buy airtime / data , and more . Remita requires API Keys for authentication . Remita is a payment platform for applications and websites .
 The Instamojo Marketplace API allows applications to facilitate merchant payments . It provides a way to debit your commission from a merchant , collect commissions , receive a certain commission , automatically transfer funds and more . The API gives aggregators the ability to access a certain commission for each product sold on the platform , with the commission split automatically within the marketplace service . The Marketplace API is available to select customers and developers should contact the provider for more information . Instamojo is a payment gateway solution for 1,000,000 plus MSMEs to start , manage and grow digitally .
 The Instamojo Webhooks API allows you to receive notifications when an Instamojo event occurs . The Webhook URL accepts a POST request from Instamojo that will inform the merchant about successful or failed transactions using a server side call . Instamojo will POST the transaction details to the Webhook URL that is specified . Instamojo is a payment gateway solution for 1,000,000 plus MSMEs to start , manage and grow digitally .
 The SmartPayables API integrates back-office systems with bank accounts , documents , payments , and accounts data . Developers can use HTTP POSTS requests to receive JSON and XML responses in return . SmartPayables provides outsource payment processing , check writing , document printing & mailing services .
 The Instamojo payments API provides a way to integrate payments services on any website with any stack . It allows you to utilize request URLs to accept payments that includes ; Create a Request , List of Requests , Get Payment Request Details , Get Payment Details and more . Instamojo is a payment gateway solution for 1,000,000 plus MSMEs to start , manage and grow digitally .
 The Paychex API returns payroll data for human resources managers . Information to display includes companies , locations , jobs , workers , assignments , and pay periods . Paychex provides payroll services .
 The EtherAPI interacts with the Ethereum blockchain-network including ETH and ERC-20 tokens . With the API , developers can accept payments , track fixed payments , send funds to any addresses , receive instant payment notification , and manage transactions via cabinet .
 The Braintree Visa Checkout API is a digital wallet from Visa that allows customers to use a single sign-in to make purchases on the web , iOS and Android . Braintree SDKs enable you to accept Visa Checkout with other accepted payment methods . This API is indirect access to this service and is in a limited release to eligible merchants . Braintree provides services for the collection of credit card and PayPal payments programmatically .
 The Braintree Grant API allows Braintree merchants to provide other Braintree merchants with controlled access to a customer's payment methods . This includes ; credit cards , debit cards , and PayPal Channel Initiated Billing Agreements . Braintree provides services for the collection of credit card and PayPal payments programmatically . This API is indirect access to this service , please refer to the corresponding SDK below . The Braintree Grant API is currently in a limited release , developers will need to contact Braintree to request access .
 The Grant Webhooks API enables the grantor with the ability to manage the notifications they receive by configuring Webhooks with Braintree . This API is indirect access to this service , please refer to the corresponding SDK below . This Braintree Grant API is currently in a limited release , developers will need to contact Braintree to request access . The Grant API allows Braintree merchants to provide other Braintree merchants with controlled access to a customer's payment methods . Braintree provides services for the collection of credit card and PayPal payments programmatically .
 The fire.com TPP service provides an Open Banking dedicated API for Trans-Pacific Partnerships ( TPP ) to access Fire.com personal and business accounts . Fire Financial Services is business and personal digital accounts that are regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland .
 The Square Checkout API is a prebuilt solution for taking payments with a secure payment form hosted by Square . Square Checkout API supports online payments with next business day deposits , PCI-compliant payments , and SSL support . Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online , in-person , or in-app to manage products and customers .
 This Square API provides a way to use OAuth to securely manage permissions and access to Square merchant accounts . Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online , in-person , or in-app to manage products and customers . Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances .
 The Square Mobile Authorization API enables authorization tokens to initialize Square mobile . The Mobile Authorization API accepts an account credential such as OAuth token or Personal Access Token and location ID . It returns an authorization code that custom mobile applications initialize Square mobile solutions . This is indirect access to this service . Please refer to the corresponding Square Reader SDK below . Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online , in-person , or in-app to manage products and customers . Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances .
 The Square Labor API provides a way to integrate Square Point of Sale timekeeping with applications for labor cost reporting , payroll , and overtime management . It allows you to integrate a time-clock application with a Square account . Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online , in-person , or in-app to manage products and customers . Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances .
 The Square Transactions API provides a way to authorize and capture online payments , link payments with orders for itemized transactions , and link transactions to customer profiles for recurring payments . Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online , in-person , or in-app to manage products and customers . Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances .
 The Square Orders API provides a way to capture itemized details about purchases and link those details to payment information , including taxation . Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online , in-person , or in-app to manage products and customers . Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances .
 The PayPal Vault API allows you to securely store customer credit cards in the PayPal vault rather than on a server . It provides a way to store a customer credit card , and then returns the ID of the vaulted card . PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally .
 This PayPal Invoicing API provides access to create , send , and manage invoices . It allows you to ; accept credit and debit cards , PayPal , and PayPal Credit , create and send invoices , payment reminders and more . PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally .
 The Square Catalog API provides management capabilities for catalogs . It includes bulk endpoints help reduce the number of API calls required for catalog management , and pagination of large result sets to reduce server load , and more . Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online , in-person , or in-app to manage products and customers . Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances .
 The Square Locations API provides location data for Square accounts including location IDs , addresses , and business name . Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online , in-person , or in-app to manage products and customers . Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances .
 The Square Employees API provides a way to get information on all the employees for a single merchant account . Use it to retrieve employee IDs , a paged list of active employees , and more . Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online , in-person , or in-app to manage products and customers . Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances .
 The Square Webhooks API provides real-time notifications with Connect API events or Point of Sale payments . The Square Webhook integration includes services for events , subscriptions and notifications . Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online , in-person , or in-app to manage products and customers . Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances .
 The Square Inventory Webhooks API allows you to build real-time notifications for all relevant inventory items and events . It sends a notification when the quantity is updated for a catalog item variation . The Inventory API provides a way to manage inventory counts and integrate with 3rd party tracking software , to accept inventory adjustments and physical counts for quantities of item variations and transitions . Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online , in-person , or in-app to manage products and customers . Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances .
 Ordermentum is a service for wholesale suppliers that facilitates ordering , payment management , and business performance knowledge through insights . The Ordermentum API provides indirect access to Javascript and Swift SDKs for application creation . Ordermentum is focused on the food and beverage industry , enabling order automation , scheduling , and custom pricing .
 The PineLabs Payment Gateway provides access to payment services that includes multi-acquiring , Brand EMI , Scheme validation and others . It allows you to integrate with PineLabs Payment Gateway to receive payments from customers via card , net banking , wallets , UPI and more . PineLabs is a merchant platform company that provides financing and last-mile retail transaction technology to merchants in 3700 cities and towns across India and Malaysia .
 Al Baraka Islamic Bank provides regional banking , financial products , and services in the Persian Gulf , Middle East , and North Africa , and shares the interest-free profit with customers .
 This Visa Webhooks API provides a way for consumers to subscribe to Visa Next events . Visa Next supports banks and digital wallets and this API enables apps to configure , provision , and issue a payment credential for any type of account and push it directly to any connected device , plus more .
 Tatum Middleware is a client to the Tatum Blockchain API Core . It provides a way to send Ethereum and Bitcoin payments , and access settings endpoints , customer endpoints , account endpoints and others . It allows you to create a new account for the customer , get an account by ID , get a balance for an account and more . Authentication to access these services requires an API Key . Tatum supports technology that enables developers with the ability to utilize blockchain services .
 The Acquired API provides merchants with security capabilities and the ability to integrate directly into the Acquired platform . You will need a merchant company ID and password to authenticate to the Acquired API . Acquired.com provides payment technologies to support businesses in the payment lifecycle .
 This Visa Next Platform API enables developers to create , manage , and build new services with Visa cards . The Visa Next platform allows you to create and manage virtual and physical cards , manage card controls and exposes Instances and Collections interfaces that are ; instantiations of a single object or entity , and multiple instances of an entity that can be returned by a REST call . Sample code is available for cURL , Ruby , Python , NodeJS and Java . This API requires that you contact VISA for more information regarding access , as it is in beta and participation is available by invitation only . Visa Next supports banks and digital wallets with the ability to ; configure , provision , and issue a payment credential for any type of account and push it directly to any connected device , access the Visa platform to utilize Visa's current and future real-time API services when combined with instant-issuance capabilities , provides digital-ready processing from a network of participating global partners and more .
 This PayPal Identity API provides allows users to sign into a website using PayPal login credentials . This service enables PayPal credential login , or linking a PayPal account to your website or app to share basic information . PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally .
 This PayPal Webhooks API provides access to PayPal event notifications . Webhooks are HTTP callbacks that receive notification messages for events that listen at a specific URL for incoming HTTP POST notification messages that are triggered when an event happens . PayPal then signs each notification message that it delivers to your webhook listener . PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally .
 The Monetha API returns JSON data associated with profiles , events , deals , and users . Monetha is a transparent and censorship resistant reputation platform which securely stores relevant information about a potential buyer before initiating a transaction . Monetha can be used on any website or service , is cross-platform , and offers public and verifiable interactions .
 PayPal Checkout with Smart Payment Buttons provides secure checkout experience that automatically offers relevant payment types to shoppers to complete purchases using Pay with Venmo , PayPal Credit , Credit Card payments , and more . PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally .
 This PayPal Payouts API provides access to integrate payment functionalities to send payouts programmatically from within your application . It allows you to ; send commissions , rebates , rewards , and general disbursements , send money to multiple people at the same time , show details for a payout item and more . PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally .
 This PayPal Catalog Products API provides access to create products , ie ; for Merchants goods and services . It allows you to create products , list products , update a product and more . PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally .
 The Intuit QuickBooks Online Payroll GraphQL allows third-party time tracking and benefits providers to connect directly to QuickBooks Online . It provides a way to provision deductions , benefits , pensions , sync employee contributions and sync time by Payroll items and more . It includes features for Benefits Tracking , Time Tracking and others . Intuit delivers services like TurboTax , QuickBooks , and Mint that supports platform APIs to build applications for small business accounting ecosystems .
 This PayPal Receipts API provides access to integrate payment functionalities within your applications . This service enables you with the ability to obtain the EMV compliant information to include on your receipts provided to the customer . This includes examples that are available for cURL , PHP and Java . PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally .
 This PayPal Subscriptions API provides access to create subscriptions that process recurring PayPal payments for physical or digital goods , or services . It allows you to create a plan , list plans update a subscription , and more . PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally .
 The Bitfly API provides cryptocurrency Ethereum mining pool data . Developers can make 100 requests every 15 minutes . Endpoints are CORS .
 This Fabrick Payments PagoPA API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to execute , book and search payments on the PagoPA circuit . This includes the ability to ; create a PagoPA payment order , retrieve a list of PagoPA orders , retrieve the details of a specific PagoPA order and more . API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication . The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications .
 This Fabrick Payments Postal Forms API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to execute , book and search payments of postal forms . This includes the ability to create a postal form payment order , retrieve a list of postal form orders , retrieve the details of a specific postal form order and more . API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication . The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications .
 This Fabrick Payments Money Transfers API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to execute , book and search money transfers . This includes the ability to create a SCT payment order , retrieve the details of a specific SCT order , Search SCT orders on a specific account and more . API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication . The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications .
 This Fabrick Payments F24 API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to execute , book and search F24 payments . This includes the ability to create a new F24-Simple order , retrieve an existing F24-Simple order , delete a booked F24-Simple order and more . API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication . The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications .
 This Fabrick Payments CBILL API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to execute , book and search payments on the CBILL circuit . This includes the ability to create a CBILL payment order , retrieve a list of all CBILL orders on a specific account , cancel a previously booked CBILL order and more . API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication . The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications .
 This Fabrick Credit Debit Card Management API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to manage credit and debit payment cards . This includes the ability to retrieve all the cards , retrieve the details of a specific card , retrieve the balance of a credit card and more . API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication . The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications .
 This Fabrick Cash Account Utils API is a Banca Sella service that provides utility endpoints for cash account management . This includes the ability to check if the execution date / time is valid for a new SCT Order , retrieve a list of valid execution dates of a new SCT Order and more . The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications .
 This Fabrick Payments Postal SCT-Inst API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to execute and search SCT-Inst money transfers . This includes the ability to create a SCT-Inst payment order , retrieve the details of a specific SCT-Inst order and more . API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication . The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications .
 This Fabrick eCommerce Solution Payments API is a Axerve service that provides the APIs for eCommerce payments management to Creates a new payment , Retrieves an existing payment , Charge an authorized payment and more . API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication . The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications .
 This Fabrick eCommerce Solution Payment Page API is a Axerve service that enables users to retrieve the available payment provider list for a specified payment , retrieve the details of a specific payment provider and more . The Fabric Platform exposes RESTful web APIs that are provided by an independent company that has joined the Fabrick ecosystem and has chosen to expose its services on the Fabrick Platform . API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication . The Fabrick Platform provides an open financial ecosystem to foster collaborations that create innovative solutions for end customers via an API .
 The Finastra Payment Search API retrieves a list of payment requests that were received . Developers can authenticate with OAuth2 . Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment .
 This PayPal Payments API provides access to payment services for PayPal . It allows you to authorize payments , capture authorized payments , refund payments that have already been captured , and show payment information . PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally .
 The PayPal Orders API provides a way to access PayPal services for orders to ; create , update , authorize , save and more . The PayPal API enables you with the ability to access various features of the PayPal platform . This includes ; invoice management , transaction processing , account management and more . PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally .
 The Finastra Payment Request Pay Now Pay Later Reject API retrieves JSON data to reject a payment , pay now , pay later , and obtain the full status of a payment . Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment .
 The Finastra Transaction Enquiries API retrieves the user audit history on the particular transaction . Authenticate with OAuth2 to make calls that display JSON format in return . Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment .
 The Finastra FX Rates API converts the given amount for the pair of currencies . Developers can authenticate with OAuth2 to make calls that receive JSON response in return . Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment .
 The Finastra Receivables Check Inquiry API retrieves images associated with a check . Developers can authenticate with OAuth2 to make calls that return JSON formats . Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment .
 The Rabobank Payment Initiation API allows transactions to be initiated for the PSD2 Payment Initiation Service . Examples are available for Ruby , Python , PHP , Java , Node , Go , Swift , C , C# and cURL . This API is designed to be used by certified Payment Initiation and Account Information Service Providers . Rabobank provides financial services that access ways to make payments , invest , get a mortgage , save money and more .
 The Rabobank Payment Request API provides the ability for Third Parties to create and manage payment requests for domestic Rabobank accounts . Examples are available for Ruby , Python , PHP , Java , Node , Go , Swift , C , C# and cURL . This API is designed to be used by certified Payment Initiation and Account Information Service Providers . Rabobank provides financial services that access ways to make payments , invest , get a mortgage , save money and more .
 The Finastra Sweep Inquiry Execution API gets all sweep execution results for a given client . JSON formats are available to make calls to the API . Authentication required with OAuth2 . Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment .
 The Finastra Corporate Profile API returns JSON data with the details of a corporate bank . Developers can authenticate with OAuth2 . Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment .
 The Openbucks API provides a way to retrieve payment data and process payments for Openbucks , an online payment service . Use it to enable transactions , retrieve a list of gift cards , get transaction details . It supports data formats for XML or JSON that uses an HTTP POST request . The Openbucks payment service enables you to redirect the user to the Openbucks hosted checkout flow , to collect the payment information from the user and redeem the funds . Openbucks is a safe and convenient alternative to credit cards for online payments .
 The Afterpay API returns payment configuration data in JSON format . With the API , developers can implement amounts , orders , payment ranges , and models . Developers can authenticate with an API Key . Afterpay is a service for buying retail goods on credit in four equal , interest-free installments .
 The Finastra Collateral API returns data to secure loans , calculate creditworthiness , and predict the risk associated with a loan . The calls return current values and types of collateral a lender has in their system . Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment .
 The MySchoolBucks API is used for payment processing via the MySchoolBucks.com cart checkout . The MSB Pay API is an ecommerce tool that enables credit card and checking account payment processing online . It allows connections to MySchoolBucks using a RESTful web service that requires a valid developer ID and authentication key to access . The API provides tools to integrate with parent billing accounts registered with MySchoolBucks to send shopping cart contents to a checkout . MySchoolBucks provides school payments services to pay for meals and other items , anytime , anywhere from your computer or smartphone .
 The Finastra Retail Banking Payments API transfers funds between accounts . Developers can authenticate with OAuth to make calls that display JSON format in return . Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment .
 The Finastra Remote Deposit Capture API returns JSON data with eligible check deposit accounts for a consumer .
 The TransferMate Payments API is a REST service that accepts standard HTTP commands and returns JSON responses for banking and payment transactions . The API includes predefined domain-specific endpoints for banks , beneficiaries etc . This API requires you to verify your identity via OAuth and Token authentication . Methods are available to Lock in a real-time exchange rate , Make a payment to a TransferMate account in your country , Obtain and book a payment with a currency rate , Authorize or cancel payments , Add payer and payee beneficiary bank accounts and more . TransferMate provides an end-to-end international payments solution to improve cross-border business payments .
 The IPQualityScore Proxy Detection API returns JSON and XML formats with proxy and VPN detection data . With the API , developers can implement fraud detection services , IP reputation , bot detection , geo-filtering , and lead generation features into applications . IPQualityScore provides anti-fraud solutions via IP lookup , email verification , click fraud protection , proxy VPN detection and more .
 The flydubai Payment API provides the capability to process payments for flights , and includes methods for Invoice Payment Agency Credit and a Credit Card using the flydubai Payment Gateway . It enables you with the ability to create a session in CPG to be used while calling the pay service or make a payment . flydubai REST APIs allow users to access travel services for reservations , check in , etc. , to create booking applications . flydubai is an airline that serves 90 destinations within a five-hour flying distance from Dubai .
 The Splash Payments API returns payment data indirectly in JavaScript and it provides PHP , . NET , and Ruby as additional languages to interact with the interface . Developers can integrate one-time payments , recurring transaction , and refunds .
 The accept.blue API provides programmatic access to accept.blue's payment gateway . This gateway can authorize a variety of payment types , including all major credit cards , signature debit cards , e-Checks , and ACH payments . accept.blue also provides a complete invoicing suite . Developers can register for API and documentation access .
 The Secuconnect API is a REST interface that enables payment and loyalty management in third-party applications . The API offers JSON responses associated with merchant data , loyalty cards , and customer information . API Keys are required for authentication . Secuconnect provides a service to securely access data of your payers .
 IntegraPay provides payment solutions for your business . Customized solutions for every business size , from one-off payments to complex recurring payments . We will tailor a solution that works for your business . Talk to an IntegraPay Payment Solutions Expert about your payment processing needs .
 Sila provides a payments API for KYC , Bank Account , and ACH Transfers . The Sila API provides endpoints for creating and managing payment and other financial technology applications including check handles , register , check KYC , link account , get accounts , issue , transfer , redeem , get transactions and more . Sila is powered by blockchain technology .
 The Bancor Converters API returns tokens data listed on the Bancor Network . Each token contains currency ID and public data to convert on the blockchain . Developers can authenticate with an API Key to make calls that will display JSON responses in return . Bancor is a digital crypto wallet service that provides continuous on-chain liquidity between blockchain-based assets .
 The Bancor EOS Volume API returns 24 hours of volume statistics on the Bancor Network . The API supports public API methods that send HTTP GET requests and return JSON format . Bancor is a digital crypto wallet service that provides continuous on-chain liquidity between blockchain-based assets .
 The Bancor Price Ticker API returns currency data including names , symbols , codes , decimals , price 24h high , price 24h low , price , price 24h , volume 24h , and total supply . Developers can authenticate with API Keys to make calls that display JSON responses . Bancor is a digital crypto wallet service that provides continuous on-chain liquidity between blockchain-based assets .
 The Bancor Available Pairs API displays pairs of convertible currencies in the Bancor network , using HTTP requests with JSON formats in return . Bancor API is currently in Alpha stage .
 Bancor is a digital crypto wallet service that provides continuous on-chain liquidity between blockchain-based assets .
 The Fortellis My Kaarma Payment API returns data to access the status of a previously submitted payment request . Developers can authenticate with OAuth2 and API Key . Fortellis is an Automotive Commerce Exchange platform . Fortellis is an Automotive Commerce Exchange platform .
 The Fortellis Deal Creation Quote API returns dealership price including fees , rebates , taxes , and a schedule of payment amounts . Fortellis is an Automotive Commerce Exchange platform .
 The Fortellis ePayments API returns data to make ePayments with payment ID , department , and subscriptions . Developers can authenticate with OAuth2 and API Key . Fortellis is an Automotive Commerce Exchange platform .
 The MasterCom API offers Mastercard customers the ability to create and manage dispute claims in MasterCom . MasterCom is a system for dispute management . All activities for any given dispute can be tracked within a single claim using MasterCom , including Retrieval Request and Fulfillment , First Chargeback , Second Presentment , Arbitration Chargeback , Case Filing , and Fee Collection requests .
 The Dash Retail Rates API provides real-time market data for Dash / Fiat currency pairs by aggregating prices across numerous rate sources . To obtain access for the this service , it is required that you apply for an API Key . Dash is digital cash with instant transactions and micro-fees , available anytime , anywhere .
 The Iris CRM API in REST architecture displays JSON formats that return customer relationship management , merchants , leads , subscriptions , and payment features . Developers can authenticate with an API Key . Iris CRM provides merchant services CRM for clients in the payments industry .
 The Finix Push Payments API provides real-time , rule-based underwriting for merchant accounts . Use the API to customize workflows , do velocity checks , and more . You are required to authenticate requests via HTTP basic authentication with a username and password to access and communicate with the API . This API works with Visa Direct and MasterCard Send to disburse funds to most debit cards in 30 mins or less . Finix's Push Payout Platform's end-to-end solution , enables banks , acquirers and PSPs to offer Push Payouts to its customers . Finix provides payment data analytics platform tools and services to integrate centralized management of payments , and consolidate data to discover payment specific business insights .
 This Finix API provides programatic access to payment services for authorization , fetching an identity , listing merchants , creating payment cards , fetching a bank account , and more . You are required to authenticate requests via http basic authentication with a username and password to access and communicate with the API . This Payment API supports JSON formatted data and utilizes POST and GET HTTP Requests . Finix provides payment data analytics platform tools and services to integrate centralized management of payments , and consolidate data to discover payment specific business insights .
 The Finix Payment Webhooks API allows allows subscribed users to receive automated notifications and events about Finix payments . It pushes notifications to a configured URL endpoint when an event is triggered , via HTTP POST payload . This includes services to ; Create a Webhook , Update Webhook , Fetch a Webhook and more . You are required to authenticate requests via http basic authentication with a username and password to access and communicate with the API . Finix provides payment data analytics platform tools and services to integrate centralized management of payments , and consolidate data to discover payment specific business insights .
 The Cross River Payment API provides Banking-as-a-Service access for managing identities , payment instruments , tokens , creating a payment card , listing payouts and more . Authenticate requests via HTTP basic authentication with a username and password to access and communicate with the API . This Payment API supports JSON formatted data and utilizes POST and GET HTTP Requests to collect KYC information for the recipient , fetch a previously created payment Instrument , verify if a payout to a card is successful and more . Cross River provides financial services that merge the expertise of a bank , with the innovation of a technology company , and enables clients to deliver responsible financial solutions .
 The Cross River Payment Webhooks API allows you to build integrations that subscribe to automated notifications and events . It pushes notifications to a configured URL endpoint when an event is triggered , via HTTP POST payload . This includes services to ; Create a Webhook , Update Webhook , Fetch a Webhook and more . You are required to authenticate requests via http basic authentication with a username and password to access and communicate with the API . Cross River provides financial services that merge the expertise of a bank , with the innovation of a technology company , and enables clients to deliver responsible financial solutions .
 The Visa Push Payments API returns JSON and XML responses with merchant's credit card information related to goods and services . The API helps to display a user's financial info when he makes face-to-face or remote e-commerce payments .
 This is API access to the Nedbank developer portal to utilize Nedbank's payment functionalities to move funds , send money and receive money . All Nedbank developer APIs use OAuth 2.0 for authentication and authorization , and requires that you sign up for a subscription . Nedbank provides services that allows you to see money differently and learn how money well managed can make a real difference .
 The Braintree Webhooks API provides automated notifications for an event that has occurred in your gateway , that pushes information to a place designated by you . Braintree supports a notification kind that is returned by calling “ the kind ” on the notification object to reveal what triggered the webhook . This events service enables you with the ability to subscribe to webhooks for ; Subscription status changes , Disbursements to your account , Disputes on transactions , Account Updater , Braintree Auth and more . Braintree creates global commerce tools to build businesses , accept payments , and enable commerce experiences .
 The Basware Network REST API provides a way to interact with a network of over a million businesses and allows you to ; deliver and receive business documents , follow the life cycle of business documents by sending and receiving notifications , send and receive files related to business documents and more . Basware enables you with the ability to send and receive invoice data in JSON format . Basware is a Global leader in networked PurchaseToPay , invoicing and innovative financing services , that connects businesses globally .
 The Klarna Open Banking Auth API allows the merchant to retrieve various forms and submit the responses . It provides a way to handle the consumer's state and input , with the associated XS2A Form retrieved when the consumers input is needed and the response to the form sent to the API . When using a white label integration , the Auth API is called from the merchant , but in most cases this API is accessed by the Klarna Open Banking XS2A Application . Requests are supported for GET / POST and returns JSON formatted data . Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping .
 The Klarna Open Banking API is a server side service that offers endpoints for the merchant to initiate and control transfer and data access procedures . It is a single API that connects you to banks in European markets , that provides Account information and Payment initiation . This API is authenticated using the OAuth2 authorization system , and exposes endpoints for session and flow management . Requests are supported for PUT , DELETE , GET and POST and returns JSON formatted data . Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping .
 The Braintree GraphQL API provides a way to charge payment methods , reverse and refund transactions , vault payment methods , look up transactions and more . This API is currently in Beta and supports basic server-side transaction processing . Braintree creates global commerce tools to build businesses , accept payments , and enable commerce experiences .
 This Payroll API is a RESTful service that provides programmatic access to Staffology for performing Payroll functions in the United Kingdom . The API supports JSON formats for POST / GET / PUT / DELETE requests and responses that includes ; Account , AttachmentOrder , AutoEnrolment , Billing and more . Staffology is a web payroll application designed for the United Kingdom .
 The ING Open Banking Payment Initiation API provides secure access to all European ING online accessible payment accounts , to create a payment initiation . ING Open Banking provides a developer platform to programmatically access ING banking account data . It is open banking that supports international networking and omnichannel distribution , with the goal of contributing to a sustainable world .
 The ING Open Banking Showcase API exposes operations on the Open Banking Platform . It shows the functionality of the platform in action on the marketplace and is accessible to internal and external applications . ING Open Banking provides a developer platform to programmatically access ING banking account data . It is open banking that supports international networking and omnichannel distribution , with the goal of contributing to a sustainable world .
 The Tink Enterprise API returns banking data in JSON format including providers , credentials , transactions , statistics , transfers , and account aggregations . Authenticate with OAuth2 and use REST standards with the Tink Enterprise in REST architecture . Developers can integrate with Tink and gain access to Nordic banks and financial institutions .
 The Tink Connector API returns JSON data from customers' core systems . With the API , developers can integrate accounts and transactions services . The authentication token goes in the HTTP header . Developers can integrate with Tink and gain access to consumers' account data from Nordic banks and financial institutions .
 Time Doctor provides services for employee time tracking with screenshots .
 The AffiniPay Payment Gateway API in REST architecture processes payments for merchants . With the API , users can move funds between banks using accounts and routing numbers via TLS 1.2 secure data . Developers can send HTTP requests to receive JSON responses , including error information .
 The AffiniPay Authentication API returns JSON data to authorize access to AffiniPay merchant accounts . With the API , developers can request access tokens including client ID , client secret , grant type , scope , and redirect URL , and code as parameters .
 The TrueLayer Payments API is a Restful service that is currently in Beta . It provides a way to initiate a payment transaction for customers to transfer funds directly to your bank account in order to receive money instantly . The Payments API enables you to create and query payment resources , requiring an access token for authorization . You will need to get specific permission assigned in order to make a call to the Payments API . TrueLayer allows applications to connect securely with a customers bank to read their financial data or initiate payments using the Open Banking APIs for all available banks . The TrueLayer infrastructure supports tools to integrate financial service products and banking systems with various financial institutions and third party applications .
 The PayJoy Retail Partner API provides access to flexible queries of PayJoy data that includes ; List Clerks , List Merchants , Lookup Customer , Lookup Cart and more . It is a Rest service that requires an API key with content that is returned in JSON format . It is recommended to use your own ‘ start of day ’ and ‘ end of day ’ times with all timestamps returned in UNIX time format . PayJoy provides access to consumer finance and smartphone technology , to emerging and under-served markets globally .
 This service offers Webhook functionality for all transaction types for the PayJoy Retail Partner API . To receive webhooks , a URL must be configured in the admin console . The PayJoy Retail Partner API provides access to flexible queries of PayJoy data that includes ; List Clerks , List Merchants , Lookup Customer , Lookup Cart and more . PayJoy provides access to consumer finance and smartphone technology , to emerging and under-served markets globally .
 The PayJoy Lock API is a Rest service that allows you to return information about a device , claim a registered device , update the device expiration and more . This is a PayJoy device locking service for finance partners that have their own registration , checkout , and underwriting process as opposed to the PayJoy checkout and underwriting process . When partners call the Lock API it provides a way to control specific devices ; whose changes are propagated from PayJoy servers to the device asynchronously . The API includes anti-fraud techniques such as anti-rooting / jailbreaking and anti-SIM / PN swapping and allows you to ; register and take ownership of a device , lock a device at a particular time if payment is not made and permanently unlock a device after it is fully paid . PayJoy provides access to consumer finance and smartphone technology , to emerging and under-served markets globally .
 The Earthport Webhooks API is used to send account-related event notifications to the specified endpoint . This API is useful to alert when deposits are made to an account or when payments are returned . Earthport is a payment processing platform which allows for fast , cheap and transparent cross-border payments . The API uses OAuth 2.0 for authentication . The supported media type is JSON .
 The Visa Adjustment API returns JSON data with a customer's resource credits to adjust a given payment . It supports Account Funding Transaction Reversal with transactions , account numbers , card expiration date , currency code , amount , and card acceptor as attributes .
 The Bolt REST API returns transaction data in JSON format for eCommerce applications . Developers can implement authorizations , capture , void , checking , credit , fetch , and review . Developers authenticate with token . Bolt provides end-to-end checkout , payments and fraud services .
 The Fire Business Account API returns JSON formats with payment data . Developers can integrate bank accounts , transactions , direct debit , and payment initiation . They can authenticate with token . Fire is a digital payments platform . Fire Financial Services Limited is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland
 The Visa Funds Transfer Attributes Inquiry API retrieves payment account data . The API sends requests and returns responses about transfers in JSON or XML format .
 The Visa Payment Refund API returns JSON data with a canceled sale that the merchant can return to the customer in full or partial amount . Developers can authenticate with base64 .
 This API is used for the Klarna European production environment that includes services for ; Checkout , Payments , Order Management and more . For further details please refer to the corresponding Klarna US services descriptions . Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping .
 This is indirect access to this service , please refer to the corresponding SDK below . Klarna Payments provides a way to create a session that offers Klarna's payment methods as part of your checkout . It offers consumers with the ability to try before you buy , finance purchases on your store , or make use of other Klarna payment options . Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping .
 The PayJoy API returns JSON data with payments , finance orders , partner contracts , amounts , currency , and client data . API Key is required to authenticate . Visit https://www.payjoy.com/about/ to learn more about PayJoy . PayJoy partners with financial institutions and retailers around the world to get customers access to credit . PayJoy is offered globally .
 The Klarna Merchant Card Service API is a Rest service that allows you to settle orders with virtual credit cards . The content type supports JSON and includes Create a new settlement , Retrieve An Existing Settlement and Retrieve A Settled Order's Settlement . Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping .
 The Klarna Hosted Payment Page API provides a way to integrate Klarna Payments without hosting the webpage that manages the client side . It is a companion service to Klarna Payments , so you need to integrate the Payments API to create a payment session and then use the Hosted Payment service . Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping .
 This is indirect access to this service , please refer to the corresponding SDK below . Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping .
 The Klarna Settlements API provides access to payouts and transactions , that are basically two types that include ; Collections , and Entity . It allows you to return a summary of payouts for each currency code in a date range , return a collection of transactions and CSV payout reports . Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping .
 The CardConnect Gateway API returns JSON data to integrate credit , debit , and alternative payments into applications . REST implementation guide is available along with port connection instructions . CardConnect is a payment processing platform .
 The CardConnect Bolt API returns JSON data , aiming to streamline the integration of validated credit card payments . With the API , developers can implement payment acceptance solutions into software systems . CardConnect is a payment processing platform .
 The Klarna Order Management API provides a way to handle an order after the customer has completed the purchase . It allows you to update , capture and refund an order etc . This API enables you to release remaining authorization , extend authorization time , update customer addresses and more . Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping .
 The Klarna Payments API provides a way to create a session to offer Klarna's payment methods as part of your checkout . After the purchase is complete , the order should be handled using the Order Management API . The three payment methods that it uses are ; Pay now , Pay later and Slice it . It offers consumers with the ability to try before you buy , finance purchases on your store , or make use of other Klarna payment options . Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping .
 The Customer Token API provides a way to charge customers with a tokenized Klarna payment method for recurring purchases , subscriptions and storing the customer payment method . It allows you to generate a customer token call in the payments API . Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping .
 The Klarna Checkout REST API is a basic interface for all Klarna client libraries . The checkout API is used to create a checkout with Klarna and update the checkout order during the purchase with JSON default UTF-8 encoding supported . Klarna Checkout is made up of two parts : the checkout page snippet and the confirmation page snippet and allows you to ; create a new order , retrieve an order and update an order . Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping .
 The Klarna XML-RPC API provides a way to handle all orders and allows you to integrate them with your system to cancel , activate , update and refund orders . Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping .
 The Klarna Checkout Callbacks API provides callbacks during the customer's checkout session . It allows you to update the order for address and to validate the order before it is submitted . Callbacks are sent as POST requests to the endpoint you specify when creating the order . Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping .
 The CardConnect CardSecure API returns JSON and XML data to protect sensitive card information , including encryption and storage . Interfaces available cover HTTPS , Socket , and SAP RFC . CardConnect is a payment processing platform .
 The BDApps Pro SMS API allows developers to send and receive SMS using JSON objects over HTTP . This API can also be used to check the delivery status of sent SMS , receive SMS with a short code , and more .
 BDApps is an application development platform that provides Robi network tools for monetization and messaging . BDApps is based in Bangladesh .
 The Xero Payroll API exposes payroll related functions of the payroll Xero application and can be used for a variety of purposes such as syncing employee details , importing timesheets etc . It is a RESTful web service that uses the OAuth protocol to authenticate 3rd party applications . Only Xero users with payroll administrator access can authorize access to payroll endpoints . NZ Xero organisations must have concluded the payroll setup steps before the Payroll API can be used . Xero APIs expose accounting and related functions of the main Xero application and includes features for ; creating transactions , invoices and credit notes , extracting accounting data etc . Xero provides cloud based accounting software to simplify accounting and bookkeeping processes .
 The StellarExpert Explorer API returns analytics and statistical data for the Stellar Network , accessing information from payments' systems and banks' connections . Stellar is a non-profit open financial platform designed to promote global financial access .
 The AIB Payments Initiation API provides a way to create a payment submission , get a single immediate payment , create a single immediate payment and more . This API uses 0Auth 2.0 to grant access to third party service providers and returns JSON data for payment endpoints that enable you to initiate a single immediate domestic payment from a customer's account . Allied Irish Banks p.l.c. is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland and provides online and location banking services .
 The Cashplus Payment API allows you to initiate single and batch domestic payments in GBP currency . These Restful Payment API endpoints , provide a way to initiate , approve or reject , and submit payments with requests and responses that use a UTF-8 character encoding . This API supports JSON and features the ability to ; create a single payment , submit a payment , create a batch payment , approve or reject a payment and more . Cashplus is a digital provider of real-time financial services that are unlike traditional banks .
 The Mollie Shipment API can be used to ship order lines . The Shipment API returns JSON data , notifying developers when a service was provided or digital content was delivered . Mollie is an online business payment transaction platform .
 The Mollie Subscription API requires API Key and OAuth to make JSON callbacks , offering recurring payments in return . With the API , developers can schedule amounts and intervals to create an endless subscription to charge a monthly fee . A subscription ends when the user decides . Mollie is an online business payment transaction platform .
 The PayTraq Point of Sale API is an extension of the REST API , activated from the Money to Cash Accounts and POS Connectors path . Developers can make requests over HTTPS with POST verbs that display XML responses in return . PayTraq provides accounting software for businesses .
 The Bread API returns JSON data and requires API Key to integrate payment options for eCommerce clients . With the API , developers can include a Bread button that allows customers to apply for credit products in a checkout flow , similar to applying for a loan for shopping online . Transaction and cart management also available . Bread helps retailers offer pay-over-time solutions . Bread is part of Cross River Bank , a New Jersey bank .
 The ApusPayments API allows developers to add cryptocurrency transactions within applications . This platform can be integrated with POS systems , EFT systems , and mobile applications . Payments can be received in Bitcoins . The API supports checkouts and cryptocurrency recharges . Requests and responses need to be JSON formatted .
 The Modulr API provides a sandbox to produce a financial integration environment before app release . The API is REST , offers JSON format and token to authenticate . Modulr based in London , is an automatic payout enterprise . The API includes methods for managing payments , rules , accounts , and direct debits .
 The ChargeDesk API returns JSON data with a charge of a billing subscription . Parameters include customer ID , amount , and currency , including the billing support URL to invoices and receipts . A secret key is required to authenticate . ChargeDesk is a payments management service that integrates with Stripe , PayPal , Braintree , Chargify , and others .
 The ChargeDesk Webhooks API creates a new webhooks to access billing notifications . Developers will receive a JSON response with webhook ID in a cURL example featured at https://chargedesk.com/api-docs#webhooks-create ChargeDesk is a payments management service that integrates with Stripe , PayPal , Braintree , Chargify , and others .
 The Stronghold Payments API provides a way to list available payment methods for an account , initiate a payment , retrieve details for a specific payment , stop or cancel an in progress payment and includes ; List payment methods , Initiate payment , Get payment and more . Stronghold is an altcoin exchange platform that provides the ability to trade cryptocurrencies with relatively fast transactions and minimal fees that is built on the Stellar network . Stronghold also operates an over-the-counter trading desk for large block trading and currently supports Bitcoin ( BTC ) , Ethereum ( ETH ) , Mobius ( MOBI ) and Lumens ( XLM ) .
 The delion API is organized around REST and has predictable , resource-oriented URLs that uses HTTP response codes to indicate API errors . Delion supports cross-origin resource sharing , allowing you to interact securely with the API from a client-side web application . JSON is returned by all API responses , including errors , although the libraries convert responses to appropriate language-specific objects . Delion provides a REST-API for developers and companies to explore and develop new business models based on IOTA distributed ledger technology .
 The Crypto monitor API provides bots that show savings in cryptocurrencies . The API is used to add , update , find , and delete monitors . Also , the current height of currencies are available for consuming . Currently , Crypto-Savings offers Bitcoin and Ethereum support .
 The Switch Cardsavr service is a card-on-file API that allows you to help cardholders update their new or reissued cards anywhere their payments are made online . Switch provides solutions to make online purchasing simple , by storing information for multiple websites , credit cards , and people . The Switch app collects different types of sensitive information , including : Credit card numbers , Website login and password , Email addresses , Mailing addresses and more . Switch will update this information across numerous websites with a focus on security .
 The Dream Payments API provides a programmatic interface for insurers to manage payment recipients and issue digital claims payments . The API allows you to ; Integrate digital claims payments directly into your existing claims system , Integrate vendor payments directly into your vendor management system , Pull digital payment data directly into your financial reconciliation processes and more . Developers can create applications to accept payments , anywhere with Dream Payments mobile commerce solutions to process and build a customer payment experience . Dream Payments is a technology company that provides cloud payment solutions to financial institutions and insurance companies , enabling them to provide digital and mobile payment experiences to end customers .
 The Shopify Checkout API allows you to purchase products from a Shopify store programmatically . A checkout in Shopify is the object used to manage a customer ’s cart as it transitions to a paid checkout . Some features include calculating taxes , shipping rates , attaching the customer ’s information , and finally completing a purchase by submitting a payment . Shopify provides services for merchants , that want to sell online , in-store , or anywhere . It is ecommerce solutions , such as , integrating your service into the Shopify admin , customizing any website , and more .
 The Barzahlen Webhooks API allows real-time integrations with Barzahlen payment processing platform . This API sends an HTTPS request to the specified endpoint when a transaction is paid , canceled or when it expires . Barzahlen is a German payment system that allows users to shop online , select Barzahlen as a payment method , print out a purchase form or receive a purchase form by SMS , then pay in person at a Barzahlen partner store .
 The Barclays Consent API allows you to manage the authorization given to Third Party Providers ( TPPs ) to receive payments or access transaction history from Barclays customer accounts . Barclays provides transatlantic consumer , corporate and investment banking services in the UK and US .
 The Barclays Payment Initiation API allows you to initiate a single and immediate non-mandated funds transfer . Barclays provides transatlantic consumer , corporate and investment banking services in the UK and US .
 The Jenga API provides connections to multiple telcos , mobile wallets , card associations , governments , credit bureaus and banks . It allows you to send money , receive money , check your account balances and statements , open accounts and more . It enables businesses with the ability to accept payments , collect customers payment information , and create charges that includes services for ; Create Bill , Query Bill , Query payment and Receive payments . Jenga is a Payment Gateway serviced thru Finserve Africa .
 The Wyre API is a REST service that supports wire transfers , mass international payouts , cryptocurrency wallet management , and virtual banking services for your personal or enterprise needs . It uses HTTPS response codes and returns all error responses in JSON that enables conversions of large volumes between currencies . It provides a way for developers to manage on boarding users compliantly , connecting customers bank accounts , and more . It allows you to convert large volumes between currencies with minimal movement from the market price . Wyre provides a crypto infrastructure for business and teams that want to build payment solutions .
 The Payssion API allows you to integrate your website with Payssion . It allows you to collect payments using payments buttons , to collect payments with a payment link etc . This includes services for Payment Button , Hosted Payment Page , Shopping Cart Plugins , Direct API and more . Payssion is an online payment service provider . we provide a one-stop global payment solution which allows merchants to accept payments worldwide .
 The PayPro API is a simple link between your server and PayPro payment systems that allows you to use PayPro's solutions without visible intervention . The API is used by sellers to call the systems of PayPro to process payments , without the customer noticing anything from PayPro . PayPro provides payment methods for PayPal , Visa , WeChat Pay , MasterCard , iDEAL , AfterPay and more . PayPro is a payment service provider that specializes in processing online payments .
 The Erste Group Basic Payment API provides a listing of the client's payment accounts that are normally available for TPPs with AISP license . This includes services for ; Account balance check , Payments , Payments Authorization and more . The Erste Group is a banking service provider in Central and Eastern Europe .
 The Marqeta DiVA API returns payment JSON data after making URI Query String / CRUD requests , authenticating with HTTP basic method in a RESTful architecture . DiVA stands for Data insights , Visualization , and Analytics and it aggregates and curates payment analytic info in the Marqeta platform . Marqeta is a payment card service .
 The Mollie Settlements API returns successful payments data , delivered according to account payout schedule . The info retrieved includes which payments were paid out , when the settlement took place , and what invoice reference was used for it . OAuth is required to authenticate , make GET requests , and receive JSON output in return .
 The Mollie Profiles API automatically creates a profile website to process payments , without using a dashboard to build it manually . Developers can use POST verbs to receive JSON responses in return . Access tokens are required to authenticate .
 The Mollie Organizations API retrieves the currently authenticated organization . OAuth access tokens are required to authenticate , make calls with GET verbs that display JSON responses in return .
 The PelicanPay TPP API is Pan-European API Interoperability that enables third party providers with the ability to connect with any ASPSP across Europe , for Payment Initiation and Account Information services . This API implementation is a RESTful service with requests and responses in JSON format . The PelicanPay platform manages the technical and regulatory complexity of API connectivity to customers bank accounts . PelicanPay provides banks and corporations with payment solutions , and a financial crime compliance platform for fintechs and third party providers for onboarding and global payments processing .
 The PelicanPay Fintech API is an OpenBanking Hub that enables access to pan-European PSD2 Payment Initiation and Account Information solutions for Fintechs . This allows you to consume Open Banking or PSD2 functionality from several banks in Europe . This API implementation is a RESTful service with requests and responses in JSON format . The PelicanPay platform manages the technical and regulatory complexity of API connectivity to customers bank accounts . PelicanPay provides banks and corporations with payment solutions , and a financial crime compliance platform for Fintechs and third party providers for on-boarding and global payments processing .
 The PelicanPay Bank API is an integrated API framework to handle requests to ASPSPs from AISPs / PISPs . It provides a suite of dynamic API capabilities for ASPSPs and third party providers for open banking initiatives that features AI and Data analytics powered solutions to monetize your data and more . This API implementation is a RESTful service with requests and responses in JSON format . The PelicanPay platform manages the technical and regulatory complexity of API connectivity to customers bank accounts . PelicanPay provides banks and corporations with payment solutions , and a financial crime compliance platform for Fintechs and third party providers for on-boarding and global payments processing .
 The Strike API in REST architecture returns bitcoin and cryptocurrency data . Developers can use basic auth , API Key , and HTTP verbs that display JSON objects in return .
 The Revolut Open Banking Webhooks API allows you to receive updates about your account . You can use this API to create a web-hook endpoint to receive a notification that will be posted , via HTTP POST method , to the specified endpoint for the following supported events : Transaction Creation and Transaction State Change . Revolut is a banking alternative that provides spending analytics , free money transfers , fee-free travel and more .
 The Revolut Open Banking API allows you to integrate your Revolut for Business account to automate your business account operations . You can automate all payment processes including : Accounts , Counterparties and Payments . Revolut is a banking alternative that provides spending analytics , free money transfers , fee-free travel and more .
 The Nexway Connect API provides standard interface to collect product catalog data ( Product Feed ) and to manage purchase order ( REST API ) . Nexway manages the complexity of business relationship with the Publisher and the End-user product fulfillment . It allows to sell thousands of Softwares and Video Games on a digital store .
 The Coinbase Webhooks API notifications service allows you to subscribe to Coinbase updates . It provides a way to receive notifications as events are created for your account with some features that include ; Get notified when your buy or sell is completed , Monitor order payments , Initiate actions when your bitcoin , bitcoin cash , litecoin or ethereum addresses receive new transactions and more . The Coinbase service is a global open financial system .
 The Coinbase Commerce Webhooks API enables you with the ability to integrate with Coinbase Commerce and allows you to subscribe to a set of charge events . Subscribe to the events by adding a new webhook subscription , and specify what events you would like to receive updates for . The Coinbase service is a global open financial system .
 The Coingate API returns Bitcoin and Altcoin payment data by creating an order API method , receiving an approval status , and redirecting a buyer to a payment URL address .
 The CyberSource eWallet Payments API returns mobile payment data . Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic . With eWallet , they can implement AliPay Domestic Services , AliPay International Services , and Korean Cyber Payments .
 The TransNational Payments API is a JSON-based service with a machine-learning AI fraud platform . It uses machine-learning algorithms to prevent and detect suspicious processing activity . TransNational Payments provides technology solutions serving businesses nationwide , to manage payments in-store , online and more .
 The CyberSource Samsung Pay API returns mobile payment data . Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic . Samsung SDK available .
 The CyberSource Visa Pay API returns mobile payment data to integrate Visa into a system . Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic . Name-Value Pair and XML examples available .
 The CyberSource Masterpass Pay API returns mobile payment data . Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic . Available supported countries , 3D secure , and decision manager .
 The CyberSource Chase Pay API returns mobile payment data to integrate Chase Banking features into a system . Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic . Learn How Chase Pay works with the guide available on the site .
 The CyberSource Apple Pay API returns mobile payment data . Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic . With ApplePay , developers can implement in app transactions , web transactions , and merchant initiated transactions .
 The CyberSource Android Pay returns mobile payment data . Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic . With Android Pay , enable users , request masked and full wallet , and decrypt message key .
 The CyberSource Invoicing API returns mobile payment data to integrate invoices into a system . Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic .
 The CyberSource Cash Payments API returns mobile payment data . Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic . With the API , they can implement Multibanco Services .
 The CyberSource Online Bank returns mobile payment data . Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic .
 The Turn API allows you to identify and check individuals for risk management or background checks . It is a REST service that can be consumed with any programming language with examples in Python and Javascript . Turn ( Turning.io ) provides a service platform for companies with on-demand job opportunities , including a payments tool to pay your workers faster and identity database engines to screen workers in real-time .
 The Google Pay API is used to request credit or debit card information that is stored in a customer ’s Google account . It allows you to make online purchases without the need for customers to manually enter any payment information . A payments selection dialog is used to return payment information that is ready to be charged . It uses a supported payments gateway or is directly processed on an encrypted secure server that provides a way to utilize one-touch checkout flows for Google users . Google is a technology company that specializes in Internet-related services and products that includes online advertising technologies , search , cloud computing , software , and hardware . This is indirect access to Google pay , please refer to the available SDK's below .
 The ACINQ Strike Webhooks API will send you a notification when a Strike payment has been made . Strike provides a way to process lightning payments , and receive aggregated Bitcoin transactions . A Strike dashboard allows you to monitor your payments in real time . This includes ; Charge object , Create a charge , List charges and more . ACINQ is a bitcoin technology company that builds products and services for the Bitcoin ecosystem .
 The ACINQ Strike API provides a way to process lightning payments , and receive aggregated Bitcoin transactions . A Strike dashboard allows you to monitor your payments in real time . Methods are available to : Charge object , Create a charge , List charges and more . This API supports HTTP verbs , Basic Auth and cross-origin resources sharing with response objects that are delivered as JSON . ACINQ is a Bitcoin technology company that builds products and services for the Bitcoin ecosystem .
 The Sparrow Services API by SparrowOne provides payments and value added features in the Sparrow gateway , that is a method of submitting transaction through the Services API . It allows merchants to connect their order management , shopping cart or card present device to the payment gateway for processing . Various transactions include ; Sale , Authorization , Capture , Void , Refund and more . Sparrow is a global e-payment system comprised of FBI Tools , Tokenization , Payment Routing , Recurring Billing , ARC support , Closed Loop Payment Ecosystem and Commerce Hub .
 The ACME Animated QR Code Generator API hosts a RESTful Web Service for creating animated codes including QR codes in real time . Animation creation requests and animation updates are communicated in JSON , while animations are delivered in mp4 , gif , or png and zip for individual frames . Animated QR codes provide' call to action' scan targets for users and can be embedded with a company's branding , logo , or campaign . Clients requiring large volume animated QR codes and / or automated code creation can use the API directly . Individual making retail purchases can use ACME's online interactive' Coderunner' QR code generator .
 The Veem API is designed for businesses that send and receive international and domestic payments . This API and platform is targeted to the growing legions of businesses with global partners .
 You'll need a Veem account to use the API . Once you have a Veem account , please send them an email at devsupport@veem.com and they will provide the API credentials .
 The DBS Transaction Analytics API provide insight on customer spending patterns-money movements such as total spending on categories , monthly totals , and more . The results does not generally include current day transactions included in the totals . Current scope supports Singapore GIRO ( SG ) only .
 This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in . The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction ( Request ) per second for a given Application and API Operation .
 The DBS GIRO API enables your customers to apply for a new debit card — initiating the account opening and application submission processes.Direct Debits APIs provide functions to set up , retrieve and manage automatic electronic payments to Billing parties . Current scope supports Singapore GIRO ( SG ) .
 This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in . The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction ( Request ) per second for a given Application and API Operation .
 The DBS Payees API provides payee management functionalities such as adding new payees , retrieving payee details , and retrieving registered payee lists .
 This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in . The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction ( Request ) per second for a given Application and API Operation .
 There are two scenarios for using Yandex Checkout to receive payments in mobile apps : using Yandex Checkout payment forms , or using the API for Apps .
 Payment forms are easier to integrate , and they allow you to receive payments in all the ways that are available according to your agreement with Yandex Checkout . However , you can only get data from Yandex Money on the server or by email . The API only lets you receive payments from a user's Wallet or from bank cards , but , allows you to process payment information directly in the app .
 Yandex is one of the largest internet companies in Europe , operating Russia's most popular search engine . Yandex provides user-centric products and services based on the latest innovations in information retrieval , machine learning and machine intelligence to a worldwide customer audience on all digital platforms and devices .
 The DBS Standing Instructions API provides functions to setup , retrieval , and management of automatic , scheduled , or recurring electronic payments to registered payees .
 This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in . The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction ( Request ) per second for a given Application and API Operation .
 Token.io provides access to different banks through one API . The Token.io API can be used to aggregate user account information , initiate payments , build B2B payment integrations , and to integrate eCommerce checkout processes . The API features Smart Tokens which simplify access to underlying assets . Smart Tokens mask underlying assets such as account numbers .
 The ABN AMRO Tikkie API provides a way to create payment requests via SMS , Whatsapp , Facebook Messenger and more . The Tikkie API can be used to create payment requests on behalf of users and are organized into platforms . This includes services for adding new platforms and users , creating payment requests , or retrieving information about existing payment requests . ABN AMRO Bank APIs allow you to integrate ABN AMRO services into your applications .
 The Batch Payments API provides a way to transfer multiple payments at once allowing you to automate your payment flow . It can be used to automatically transfer multiple secure payments to ABN AMRO , such as transferring batch payments from your financial software system to ABN AMRO . ABN AMRO Bank APIs allow you to integrate ABN AMRO services into your applications .
 THE IIN API is a verification platform that integrates credit and debit card look up capabilities in order to detect fraudulent activities . Developers can white-list their API key to ensure specific servers consume the IIN API for added security . The API is REST-based with standard HTTP GET requests . ALL data is provided in JSON format . Fees are charged on a per call basis .
 The Paxful Bitcoin Data Trades API returns all successfully completed trades with a hard cap of 100 trades per request . The Trades request allows you to fetch information for an active and / or completed trade for Start , List , Paid , Cancel and more . Paxful provides a way to buy and sell Bitcoin direct , using a Peer to Peer Money Marketplace .
 The Mobius Webhooks API provides alerts for the Mobius DApp Store and multiple blockchains . Mobius uses webhook callbacks to alert you of actions . The Mobius universal protocol APIs work across all blockchains and connect the internet world to the blockchain ecosystem . It implements and supports decentralized blockchain features such as token payments , login , governance , and oracles . Mobius requires SSL and AES-256 bit encryption throughout the network and provides cold storage with multi-signature wallets . Mobius instructs Al driven devices to directly purchase resources from a distributed grid using M2M payments that are independent of human intervention . Mobius is building simple cross-blockchain protocols to connect billions of people and devices to the blockchain ecosystem .
 The Mobius REST API provides simple access to the Mobius DApp Store and multiple blockchains . The Mobius universal protocol APIs work across all blockchains and connect the internet world to the blockchain ecosystem . It implements and supports decentralized blockchain features such as token payments , login , governance , and oracles . Mobius requires SSL and AES-256 bit encryption throughout the network and provides cold storage with multi-signature wallets . Mobius instructs Al driven devices to directly purchase resources from a distributed grid using M2M payments that are independent of human intervention . Mobius is building simple cross-blockchain protocols to connect billions of people and devices to the blockchain ecosystem .
 The Patreon Webhooks API allows you to receive real-time updates from Patreon servers that will eventually be many events about which you can be notified . Patreon's mission is to fund the creative class by building a product that powers membership businesses for creators .
 The Escrow.com API is a BETA service that provides a way to make payments for your website , mobile app or marketplace with no chargebacks . Escrow.com will send you updates via Webhook at key points during a transaction by providing an HTTP endpoint . To use the API you choose a client to create your first transaction with examples that are available in Python , Ruby , PHP C# and cURL . Requests are available for ; Get Webhooks , Create a Webhook , Delete a Webhook and more . Escrow.com is a secure online payments provider and online transaction management system for consumers and businesses on the Internet .
 Escrow.com Platform API is a BETA service that provides a way to make payments for your website , mobile app or marketplace with no chargebacks . To use the API you choose a client to create your first transaction with examples that are available in Python , Ruby , PHP C# and cURL . Transactions that are available includes ; Agree to a transaction , Funding a transaction , Shipping a transaction , Disbursing a transaction and more . Escrow.com is a secure online payments provider and online transaction management system for consumers and businesses on the Internet .
 This API is available for existing CheckMate partners to manage the reservations they provide to CheckMate and its guests . Checkmate is a cross-language meta-tool for static code analysis that provides a global overview of the code quality in a project . The API allows you to access all analysis data and to build integrations into other systems that uses QuantifiedCode CE as an automation tool inside your build pipeline . However , because this is an indirect API , the only way to interact with it is through the SDK . Check the SDK tab below for details on what is available . QuantifiedCode is a platform for automated code review and repair .
 Paymentez is a Latin American gateway and point of sale platform that processes local and online payments . Paymentez supports over 20 payment methods . The Paymentez API is used to manage credit cards , verify transactions , issue refunds , and to receive transactions . JSON is the preferred response format . Developers will need to request a sandbox account .
 The Vantiv MercuryPay eCommerce RESTful API allows developers to post transaction requests directly from their shopping cart and combined with our tokenization it lightens the burden of PCI DSS compliance for developers . This guide shows you how to integrate to MercuryPay using our RESTful / JSON payments API integration method . Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions , payment applications for a mobile application , next generation POS , and eCommerce website solutions , for various partners , as well as the customers they serve .
 The Vantiv Fraud Filtering Services API provides the flexibility of restricting which transactions are submitted to the filtering service and which filters the system applies to which groups . This is accomplished by defining Filter Rules that includes ; Address Verification System , Fraud Velocity , Prior Chargeback and more . It allows you to filter transactions based upon failure to match either the address or the zip code individually , or address and zip code combined , enables decline of Auths / Sales once a threshold number of approved Auths / Sales occur within a preset time period for a particular card , filters transactions based either upon the receipt of any chargeback by the merchant from the same account within the last 90 days , or only the subset of chargebacks tagged as fraud chargeback and more . Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions , payment applications for a mobile application , next generation POS , and eCommerce website solutions , for various partners , as well as the customers they serve .
 The Vantiv eCommerce iQ Reporting and Analytics API provides scheduled Vantiv Secure Reports , Merchant Services Updates , User Administration and more . Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions , payment applications for a mobile application , next generation POS , and eCommerce website solutions , for various partners , as well as the customers they serve .
 The 360 Payments Velox eCommerce API provides customized web-based payment processing methods that significantly reduces a merchant's PCI footprint without sacrificing end-user look and feel . It includes ; Query , Direct Post , Three-Step Redirect and more . It allows merchants to download a detailed stream of transaction data that can then be used to create reports and analytics . Velox is an integrated payments experience for businesses that features state-of-the-art security , and mobile flexibility that is powered by 360 Payments .
 The Novopayment Authentications API enables security processes related to transactions . It provides account login , token generation and authentication tools for the validation of your user's credentials against other applications . The available functions include ; Generate authentication credentials , Validate authentication credentials and User login . NovoPayment offers bank-grade integration , middleware services , and a multi-country , multi-currency platform that is able to address a full range of back-office and front-end payment needs . This includes access to local and global acquiring , ATM , reload , remittance , and mobile networks and more . NovoPayment enables digital financial and transactional services , and provides a way for banks , financial institutions , and others to leverage their existing systems and services to generate new deposits and transaction streams .
 The Novopayment Money Transfers API allows users with the authorized credentials to send money to third party accounts . The Money Transfer Tools service enables you to send money between different parties like individuals , businesses , merchants and agents . The money transfer APIs provides cash transfers between different payment ecosystem participants that includes ; card / account holders businesses , merchants and corresponding agents . NovoPayment offers bank-grade integration , middleware services , and a multi-country , multi-currency platform that is able to address a full range of back-office and front-end payment needs . This includes access to local and global acquiring , ATM , reload , remittance , and mobile networks and more . NovoPayment enables digital financial and transactional services , and provides a way for banks , financial institutions , and others to leverage their existing systems and services to generate new deposits and transaction streams .
 The Novopayment Customer Support Tools API enables users with the authorized credentials to block stored value accounts . It allows you to block accounts , change PIN , report , process incidents , and more . Customer support tools provide call center and support personnel with useful back-office functions for cash management programs such as blocking a card or virtual account , changing a PIN , reporting incidents among others . Some available tools include ; Block or Replace Account / Card , Positive Identification , Replace card , User identification and more . NovoPayment offers bank-grade integration , middleware services , and a multi-country , multi-currency platform that is able to address a full range of back-office and front-end payment needs . This includes access to local and global acquiring , ATM , reload , remittance , and mobile networks and more . NovoPayment enables digital financial and transactional services , and provides a way for banks , financial institutions , and others to leverage their existing systems and services to generate new deposits and transaction streams .
 The Registration Cardholder API allows you to update information in stored value accounts . It is a tool to enable the creation of new individual or bulk user accounts and cash management programs for businesses , merchants , corresponding agents and end users . Some available operations include ; Registration , Self-Registration , Cardholder's , Account Creation and more . NovoPayment offers bank-grade integration , middleware services , and a multi-country , multi-currency platform that is able to address a full range of back-office and front-end payment needs . This includes access to local and global acquiring , ATM , reload , remittance , and mobile networks and more . NovoPayment enables digital financial and transactional services , and provides a way for banks , financial institutions , and others to leverage their existing systems and services to generate new deposits and transaction streams .
 The Novopayment Inquiries API provides balance and transaction history , transactions by category , agent commissions and more . The Inquiry cardholder API enables balance and transaction inquiries on stored value accounts that make it possible to retrieve account balances and other transactional information for businesses , merchants , corresponding agents and cardholder accounts . Some available functions include ; Account balance , Recent transactions , Transaction history and more . NovoPayment offers bank-grade integration , middleware services , and a multi-country , multi-currency platform that is able to address a full range of back-office and front-end payment needs . This includes access to local and global acquiring , ATM , reload , remittance , and mobile networks and more . NovoPayment enables digital financial and transactional services , and provides a way for banks , financial institutions , and others to leverage their existing systems and services to generate new deposits and transaction streams .
 The Cash Management API provides a way to manage money in real time that allows you to disburse unused funds , and request payments between businesses , merchants , corresponding agents and end users . Some available functions includes ; Cash disbursement , Cash recovery , Deposits , and Withdrawals . The Cash Management service is real-time cash management tool that enables companies to process deposits and withdrawals from stored value accounts . NovoPayment offers bank-grade integration , middleware services , and a multi-country , multi-currency platform that is able to address a full range of back-office and front-end payment needs . This includes access to local and global acquiring , ATM , reload , remittance , and mobile networks and more . NovoPayment enables digital financial and transactional services , and provides a way for banks , financial institutions , and others to leverage their existing systems and services to generate new deposits and transaction streams .
 The OCBC Merchant Card Payments API enables OCBC customers to integrate card payment APIs seamlessly with existing systems for transactional capabilities . The Merchant Card Payments API provides transactions using card payments APIs that includes ; authorize , capture , sale , void and query transactions . The API ’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 This Vantiv integration allows you to store , process , or transmit sensitive cardholder data , and all merchant / vendor applications . The Express API is a server side Web service application where all communication takes place over secure HTTPS links to the internet . This is handled via XML or SOAP , and supports Credit , Debit , and Checking transactions that includes ; TransForm Tokenization , Hosted Payment service , Recurring transactions and more . Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions , payment applications for a mobile application , next generation POS , and eCommerce website solutions , for various partners , as well as the customers they serve .
 Vantiv's eProtect and OmniToken for Enterprise solutions help solve your card-not-present challenges by virtually eliminating payment data from your order handling systems , transferring the ownership to Vantiv and reducing PCI applicable controls . It controls the fields on your checkout page that hold sensitive card data and includes ; Authorize transactions , Sales transactions , Force capture transactions , and more . The eProtect feature is compatible with the following ; Native Applications on Mobile Operating Systems , and Browsers ; Visa Checkout , Internet Explorer 8 , Chrome 1 , Android 2.3 , Apple iOS 3.2 , Windows Phone 10 and more . The eCommerce platform has rich payment processing features that developers can use to build payment enabled applications . Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions , payment applications for a mobile application , next generation POS , and eCommerce website solutions , for various partners , as well as the customers they serve .
 This Vantiv service allows you to integrate the Customer Browser JavaScript API eProtect solution into your checkout page . This includes ; Authorize transactions , Sales transactions , Force capture transactions , and more . Vantiv's eProtect solution features are that it controls the fields on your checkout page that collect sensitive cardholder data . The eProtect feature is compatible with the following ; Native Applications on Mobile Operating Systems , and Browsers ; Internet Explorer 8 , Chrome 1 , Android 2.3 , Apple iOS 3.2 , Windows Phone 10 and more . The eCommerce platform has rich payment processing features that developers can use to build payment enabled applications . Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions , payment applications for a mobile application , next generation POS , and eCommerce website solutions , for various partners , as well as the customers they serve .
 The Account Updater API enables you to receive updated credit card information without having to contact each customer individually with some features that includes : New account number and / or new expiration date , Account closed notification , Contact customer notification , Engage in recurring billing , and more . Account Updater is an optional product that allows you to request and receive updated information concerning MasterCard , Visa , and Discover cardholder accounts . It is used to offer a recurring billing payment plan for customers . It provides a way to integrate complex online payments that connect to shopping carts , or adding disruptive technologies to your online stores . This type of billing includes subscription services , membership fees , multi-payment programs , and various preferred customer programs . The eCommerce platform has rich payment processing features that developers can use to build payment enabled applications . Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions , payment applications for a mobile application , next generation POS , and eCommerce website solutions , for various partners , as well as the customers they serve .
 The Vantiv LitleXML CNP API provides a way to send and receive secure XML encoded transactions for both batch and online transactions . It has detailed information about card not present , API XML message format , and transaction examples and Certification test cases . It is used for payment processing with Vantiv , LLC . to perform unattended transaction testing and attended that , certification testing with Vantiv , and transaction processing using cnpAPI . This includes ; Testing and certification process , Authorization Transactions , Authorization Reversal Transactions , Activate Transactions and more . Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions , payment applications for a mobile application , next generation POS , and eCommerce website solutions , for various partners , as well as the customers they serve .
 The eCommerce Sandbox is a simulator of the Vantiv production environment . It allows you to send your transactions to the sandbox and simulates the certification or production systems . It validates and approves the transaction format if it matches Vantiv requirements and include the Sandbox environment , the Pre-Live environment and the Post-Live environment . Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions , payment applications for a mobile application , next generation POS , and eCommerce website solutions , for various partners , as well as the customers they serve .
 This API is fraud detection tools in the form of a variety of Fraud Filters with ThreatMetrix to provide additional options that allows you to augment Vantiv filters by taking advantage of several ThreatMetrix fraud detection features . Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions , payment applications for a mobile application , next generation POS , and eCommerce website solutions , for various partners , as well as the customers they serve .
 This Facebook API is Webhooks for Payments that provides real-time updates about your transactions . Webhooks for Payments are an essential method by which you're informed of changes to orders made through Facebook Payments within your app . It is a subscription based system between Facebook and your server that allows your subscribed app to receive updates from Facebook via a specified HTTPS endpoint .
 The Hubtel Sell API offers a way for businesses to receive online payments . The API supports mobile payments , credit cards , debit cards , and more . The API employs Base64 HTTP Basic Auth for authentication , and requires each request to include username and password . Hubtel is a mobile technology firm that delivers customer service and payment solutions .
 Visa B2B Virtual Account Payment Method provides a secure and flexible platform that businesses can use to deploy virtual accounts as B2B portals for automating the process of paying suppliers . The API conveys requests and responses in JSON format . Its production environment is restricted to approved partners .
 Visa Payments Processing API provides a direct link to Visa ’s global payment system through which Visa clients including approved merchants , acquirers and acquirer processors can process card-not-present payments . The API conveys requests and responses in JSON format . Although the API ’s Sandbox environment is accessible to developers , its production environment is restricted to approved partners .
 CyberSource provides ecommerce payment management services . The CyberSource SCMP API is a security solution that allows developers to integrate industry-standard Triple DES encryption in ecommerce payment apps . This secures the safety and privacy of user messages that are conveyed through the CyberSource platform .
 This API allows you to process Vantiv services via the Hosted Payments solution on the Express payment platform . It provides a way to process a single sale transaction and store card data in PASS to tokenize . Express is a server-side web-service application that communicates over secure HTTPS links to the Internet . Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions , payment applications for a mobile application , next generation POS , and eCommerce website solutions , for various partners , as well as the customers they serve .
 This Vantiv Cloud Lane API provides a way to see all the lanes currently associated with your account , generate a new activation code for your PIN pad , reconfigure PIN pad and more . TriPOS Cloud enables you to solve security and EMV challenges without installing local software to drive payment device communication that supports point-to-point encryption security . Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions , payment applications for a mobile application , next generation POS , and eCommerce website solutions , for various partners , as well as the customers they serve .
 Worldpay , Inc . Formerly Vantiv is an American payment processing and technology provider . They provide online or in-store payment processing solutions , payment applications for a mobile application , next-generation POS , and eCommerce website solutions , for various partners , as well as the customers they serve .
 The Vantiv triPOS Express SOAP service allows you to generate either an XML or SOAP request when using the Express API . This includes ; request to the Express API , request for a Credit Card Sale transaction , request for a Credit Card Sale transaction and more . Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions , payment applications for a mobile application , next generation POS , and eCommerce website solutions , for various partners , as well as the customers they serve .
 Visa Consumer Transaction Control ( CTC ) affords consumers the flexibility of determining the frequency and preferences of using their cards . The CTC platform allows issuers to provide a channel through which cardholders can manage features , such as block and alerts , on their cards using their mobile banking apps or web applications . The Visa Customer Rules API supports the integration of the CTC functionality in apps . The API conveys responses and requests in JSON format .
 The Visa Funds Transfer API provides functionalities for pulling data from the Visa accounts of senders . This includes the PullFundsTransactions Resources functionality that debits funds from the Visa account of a sender while initiating the process of transferring the funds to the account of a recipient . The API completes the seamless funds transfer procedure through the Account Funding Transaction ( ATF ) platform .
 The Visa Get Payment Data API is a channel for accessing checkout transaction data . Its integration allows developers to facilitate access to Visa Checkout transaction in a manner that is identical to using the Visa Checkout library to access similar data . The API is particualry useful when using backend software to obtain data . Its deployment requires API key authentication . Access is restricted to approved developers .
 The MicroEdge API returns CSR data including organizations , payments , and contacts , fields required to interact with contacts . It's available with Web Token in JSON format to perform callbacks . MicroEdge provides solutions to companies and organizations for giving for social good .
 The Qualpay Platform Webhooks API enables you to : Configure a new webhook , Save the webhook_id in the response for use in future requests , Manage a webhook , Get all events for a webhook , Add an event to a webhook and includes ; Add webhook , Update webhook , Get events , Add an event and more . It provides a way to browse webhooks that retrieves an array of objects with optional query parameters that determines , size and sort order of returned array . Qualpay is a web-based management portal with reconciliation reporting , to enable credit card payments within the application . It is a platform for in-person , online , mobile , mail and telephone order processing , from the same merchant account .
 The Qualpay Payment Gateway provides a way to access an approved transaction , timing of the batch that needs to be controlled by the merchant , online authorization requests received , reason code and the merchant received , an authorization from a voice or automated response system and returns success if the cardholder information was verified by the issuer that includes ; Verify and Authorization , Close batch , Force transaction approval , Verify Card and more . It provides a checkout experience that allows you to process either one-time payments or payments from repeat customers , that is used to send cardholder data to the issuing bank for validation and approval . Qualpay is a web-based management portal with reconciliation reporting , to enable credit card payments within the application . It is a platform for in-person , online , mobile , mail and telephone order processing , from the same merchant account .
 The Qualpay Platform API provides a way to create a new checkout object which contains a payment link , gets an array of Plan objects with optional query parameters that determines , size and sort order of returned array , browses a paginated list of account updater requests that includes ; Create a checkout payment link , Get Transient Key , Get all Recurring Plans , Get all customers , Account Updater Detail Report and more . Qualpay is a web-based management portal with reconciliation reporting , to enable credit card payments within the application . It is a platform for in-person , online , mobile , mail and telephone order processing , from the same merchant account .
 The Spryng Payments API returns payment data associated with accounts and currencies . It is available in JSON format with API Key as the authentication method . Resources include HTTPS connections , currencies and amounts , and filtering and searching .
 The triPOS Cloud API provides resources for developers that build integrated payment applications . It allows you to create products for your merchants to solve security and EMV challenges without installing local software to drive payment device communication that supports point-to-point encryption security , delivers hardware and an effortless pairing process , with a device and POS for merchant installation . Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions , payment applications for a mobile application , next generation POS , and eCommerce website solutions , for various partners , as well as the customers they serve .
 This SOAP API is Forte ’s merchant web services that include the following parameters ; Client , Transactions , Merchant and AGI Transaction . It allows you to create and manage client and payment method tokens , search and pull transaction information and Forte Payment pull hierarchy data . Forte provides a way to build scalable , secure payment applications for In-person , Online , Mobile and Recurring , suite of single source payment solutions for merchants and developers .
 The Forte Payments Webhooks API allows you access to Forte's webhook payloads and depending on these subscriptions , multiple events can occur during an operation with examples for ; Sale Transaction Webhook , Customer Webhook , and Payment Method Webhook . Forte notifies merchants about events through subscriptions and provides near-real-time notifications about the events that occur during a transaction through POSTs to a customer-defined endpoint with the following resources : Transactions , Schedules , Customers and more . Forte provides a way to build scalable , secure payment applications for In-person , Online , Mobile and Recurring , suite of single source payment solutions for merchants and developers .
 The Forte Checkouts API enables you to make payments on your site with a few lines of code that includes methods for ; sale , schedule , token and auth , for Visa , Mast , Amex , Dine and more . It creates a customizable JavaScript button that sits on top of your existing site with Up-to-date customer data , Advanced form field settings and more . Checkouts Pay Now button uses an HTML form POST action with a signature . When the button with coded parameters on the client side is activated , Forte servers read the parameters and populate the modal window . It includes a Forte namespaced version of jQuery that won't conflict with other client-side jQuery code . Forte ’s Checkouts supported browsers are Internet Explorer , Firefox , Chrome and Safari . Forte provides a way to build scalable , secure payment applications for In-person , Online , Mobile and Recurring , suite of single source payment solutions for merchants and developers .
 The Forte Payment Systems platform captures purchase information via swipe or key entry , processes credit card , EFT , and recurring transactions , automatically responds to your point-of-sale machine approving or denying the transaction and uploads completed transaction information to Forte ’s Virtual Terminal application . It allows you to format , create , and process messages with data methods of data transmission that includes ; SSL , SOAP , or RAW HTTP . Forte provides a way to build scalable , secure payment applications for In-person , Online , Mobile and Recurring , suite of single source payment solutions for merchants and developers .
 The PayUMoney API returns data of payment inquiries . Developers can make calls over HTTP with JSON format , authenticating via merchant key . Version 1 Swagger is available for download .
 This Mastercard API is a consumer-initiated mobile payment solution that enables you to make convenient , secure payments for everyday purchases . It allows making cashless payments from your smartphone , by simply scanning a Masterpass QR code at any merchant location that accepts Masterpass . MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals , Business , Travel and Leisure , Airlines , Telecommunications , Retail , Gaming , Entertainment and more . For support , contact https://developer.mastercard.com/support
 The CMTelecom AutoCollect API returns data of scheduled payments for users . It allows them to set up a payment plan , link payment periods , and attach debtors . Available in JSON format with OAuth2 .
 The PeachWorks API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PeachWorks with other applications . Public documentation is not available ; API access comes with account service . PeachWorks is a restaurant management system that provides solutions for scheduling , point-of-sale ( POS ) , and inventory management .
 The Doshii API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Doshii with other applications . Public documentation is not available ; interested developers should contact Doshii for API access http://www.doshii.io/contact/ . Doshii provides point-of-sale ( POS ) solutions for hospitality businesses and applications .
 The Sku IQ API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Sku IQ with other applications . Public documentation is not available ; API access comes with account service . Interested developers can sign up here for API access https://api.skuiq.com/ . Sku IQ provides point-of-sale ( POS ) and other retail management tools for retail businesses .
 The HighLine API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of HighLine with other applications . Public documentation is not available ; API access comes with account service . HighLine provides point-of-sale ( POS ) , inventory management , and CRM tools and functionality for retail and businesses .
 The Simplify Commerce API is a secure platform to build payments into an app or website . It allows you to add PCI-compliant payment pages to a site , control the user experience , and all of the sensitive payments data is stored on Mastercard servers . This includes ; Coupon , FraudCheck , InvoiceItem , TransactionReview , Subscription and more . Simplify Commerce provides a way to implement an all-in-one payment solution for websites , mobile apps and in-person .
 The Mastercard Payment Gateway Service delivers an enhanced digital payment experience on any device . This enables customers to accept and process transactions across e-commerce , m-commerce and cardholder present channels and includes ; Hosted Checkout , Hosted Session , Direct Payment and Batch . It also includes a variety of channels such as ; Web / eCommerce , Mail-order / Telephone-order , Call centre / IVR , Mobile / mCommerce , SMS , and more . MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals , Business , Travel and Leisure , Airlines , Telecommunications , Retail , Gaming , Entertainment and more .
 The MasterCard Payment Gateway sends Webhook notifications in the format that you configure in either REST or NVP for Merchant Administration . It allows you to configure a global notification URL in Merchant Administration to receive notifications for all transaction updates at the URL . The Mastercard Payment Gateway Service enables customers to accept and process transactions across e-commerce , m-commerce and cardholder present channels and includes ; Hosted Checkout , Hosted Session , Direct Payment and Batch . MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals , Business , Travel and Leisure , Airlines , Telecommunications , Retail , Gaming , Entertainment and more .
 The Mastercard Payment Gateway Service delivers an enhanced digital payment experience on any device . This enables customers to accept and process transactions across e-commerce , m-commerce and cardholder present channels and includes ; Hosted Checkout , Hosted Session , Direct Payment and Batch . Operations are sent to the gateway as HTTP POST operations with all arguments as name-value pairs in the HTTP body . MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals , Business , Travel and Leisure , Airlines , Telecommunications , Retail , Gaming , Entertainment and more .
 Mastercard Qkr is a mobile payments platform that allows consumers to order and pay for goods and services using their smart device . It enables partners to embed merchant embedded Masterpass registration , card management and checkout flows directly into their mobile commerce apps . Generate sales reports and view real time analytics , gather and respond to consumer feedback , manage your product inventory and your customer experience . Some functions include ; Pay-at-Table , Open Tab , Order ahead and more . MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals , Business , Travel and Leisure , Airlines , Telecommunications , Retail , Gaming , Entertainment and more .
 Spend Controls enables cardholders to temporarily turn off their card or receive alerts for all , set transaction controls and alert rules based on transaction amount , transaction type , home country and more . It allows cardholders to manage their spending by setting alerts for transactions and setting decline rules based on transaction amount and transaction type . The service also provides the capability for cardholders to temporarily stop all transactions on their card while allowing recurring transactions to continue , and allows for alerts on all transactions . MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals , Business , Travel and Leisure , Airlines , Telecommunications , Retail , Gaming , Entertainment and more .
 The Simplify Commerce API is a secure platform to build payments into an app or website . The Webhook Objects represent HTTP endpoints that will receive callbacks after various events . The API allows you to add PCI-compliant payment pages to a site , control the user experience , and all of the sensitive payments data is stored on Mastercard servers . This includes ; Coupon , FraudCheck , InvoiceItem , TransactionReview , Subscription and more . Simplify Commerce provides a way to implement an all-in-one payment solution for websites , mobile apps and in-person .
 The Payfort Master Pass API returns data of a digital wallet that stores the buyer ’s credit card details and shipping addresses and information . It is available in JSON format with a token as the authentication method .
 The Payfort Fraud Service API returns data that aims to protect a Merchant from being lured into a scam over the Internet and as a result , minimizes chargebacks . It is available in XML format with a token as the authentication factor .
 The Payfort Authorization and Purchase API returns data for completing a payment process . It is available with a token as authentication factor and XML format . As the website states , the Authorization operation holds an amount from the Customer ’s credit card account for a period of time until the Merchant capture or voids the transaction .
 This API is an Open Banking standard that allows you to register an intent to retrieve account information by creating an “ account request ” . This registers the data “ permissions ” , expiration and transaction history timeframe the customer ( PSU ) has consented to provide to the AISP ; and Subsequently retrieve account and transaction data . Open banking provides a way to share customer information securely with personalized financial advice to third party providers .
 The Payment Initiation API Specification describes the flows and payloads for initiating a single immediate domestic payment . The endpoints allow a PISP to ; Register an intent to setup a payment instruction , Subsequently submit the payment instruction for processing and Optionally retrieve the status of a payment setup or submission . Open banking provides a way to share customer information securely with personalized financial advice to third party providers .
 This Mastercard web service allows you to make commerce simple with the Masterpass Chatbot . It enables you to set up a Facebook Messenger Chatbot and connect with a Masterpass Enabled Merchant to process a payment in-chat . Quickly and easily integrate Masterpass payment technology into conversational commerce experiences that supports commerce payments in popular messaging platforms that includes ; Facebook Messenger , Skype , Telegram , Slack and more . MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for individuals and business .
 The CM Telecom Payments API returns data of online payments , supporting iDEAL , Credit Cards , Afterpay and Bancontact methods . It is available in JSON format with OAuth1 . The CM Telecom platform is capable of handling all facets of the mobile ecosystem , including SMS , push , apps , payments , and voice messages . CM Telecom also provides SMS status reports and real time logging of message delivery .
 The CM Telecom SMS Campaign API enables developers to manage and send campaigns . It is available in JSON format with token as the authentication method . The CM Telecom platform is capable of handling all facets of the mobile ecosystem , including SMS , push , apps , payments , and voice messages . CM Telecom also provides SMS status reports and real time logging of message delivery .
 The CM Telecom Transactions API returns data of transactions by providing individual insights via messages . It is available in JSON format with token authentication . The CM Telecom platform is capable of handling all facets of the mobile ecosystem , including SMS , push , apps , payments , and voice messages . CM Telecom also provides SMS status reports and real time logging of message delivery .
 The CM Telecom Voice API allows writing interactive voice responses applications . It is available in JSON format with shared secret to authenticate . The CM Telecom platform is capable of handling all facets of the mobile ecosystem , including SMS , push , apps , payments , and voice messages . CM Telecom also provides SMS status reports and real time logging of message delivery .
 The CM Telecom One Time Passwords API allows developers to generate one-time passwords , deliver them via SMS or Push and verify the response . It is available in JSON format with token as the authentication factor . CM Telecom provides mobile messaging , telephony , and payments services .
 The CM Telecom Number Verifier API returns data to verify phone numbers including format and carrier . It is available in JSON format with token as authentication method . CM Telecom provides mobile messaging , telephony , and payments services .
 The CM Telecom iDIN API enables customers to verify themselves with websites , using the same methods as their bank . It is available in JSON format with HTTP basic auth . CM Telecom provides mobile messaging , telephony , and payments services .
 The CM Telecom Conversions API returns data to enable conversion details per message to CM Telecom . It is available in XML format with HTTP basic authentication . CM Telecom provides mobile messaging , telephony , and payments services .
 The CM Telecom Authenticator API allows identifying online users by adding an extra layer of authentication in mobile phones . It is available in JSON format with a token as the authentication factor . CM Telecom provides mobile messaging , telephony , and payments services .
 The CM Telecom AutoCollect API returns data of collected scheduled payments automatically . It is available with OAuth2 authentication method to perform callbacks . CM Telecom provides mobile messaging , telephony , and payments services .
 The Payments API provides a way to send money from an authorized user ’s BBVA account to any bank account , domestic or cross border . It allows third party applications to perform money transfers from a BBVA user ’s account that includes the following operations : Money Transfer , Transfer Simulation , Scheduled Transfer and more . The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business .
 The BBVA Compass Payments Services provides the methods available for money movement between accounts and allows you to ; Initiate transfers between BBVA Compass accounts and third party accounts , Cancel and / or reverse a transfer , Check the status of an individual transfer and more . It allows you to send and receive money with secure transfer fund capabilities . BBVA Compass APIs are implemented using ( HATEOAS ) Hypermedia as the Engine of Application State . HATEOAS enables interaction and construction of an API flow through provided hyperlinks . The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business
 The data services specifications for the PayStats API provides statistical transactions data that has been retrieved through BBVA cards or in BBVA point of sale . BBVA PayStats offers anonymized and aggregated statistical data from millions of transactions performed with any cards in BBVA POS terminals . The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business .
 The Orkiv Epic Commerce Inventory API provides an easier and faster way to build commerce sites and marketplaces utilizing logic and AI to deliver personalized one-to-one experiences on any channel .
 The Beyonic REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Beyonic with other applications . Some example API methods include receiving money , sending money , and managing billing . Beyonic is a mobile money payment , billing , and collection platform .
 The W3C Web Payments Google Payment Request API allows merchants to request and accept payments over a single API call with minimal integration . This API is Google's implementation of the W3C Payments Request API , an open , cross-browser standard for accepting credit cards electronically . It allows the web page to exchange information with the browser before approving or denying a payment request , while the user is providing input .
 The IMwallet Recharge API allows developers to integrate online mobile recharge services into their websites and applications . IMwallet connects to all major prepaid recharge facilities in India , including all mobile operators , DTH operators , and data card operators . They also provide domestic money transfers and bill payment services for postpaid , landline , gas , electric , water , and insurance bills . IMwallet is payment Processing wallet Company which provides Telecom Recharge and Bill Payment API . We Provide all Operator Mobile Recharge , DTH Recharge , Postpaid Recharge API and also have All State Electricity Bill API's .
 Paylocity Web Services Push Notifications are the process of triggering an action based on the change of data within the Web Pay system . The action triggered is the sending of a JSON push notification to an external HTTPS URL that is provided by our clients . The HTTPS URL can have no authentication or basic authentication . Paylocity's recommendation is to use the basic authentication so that they can provide one more levels of security for data protection . Paylocity is a Cloud based payroll software designed for the mid-market , to simplify how you perform everyday payroll and human resources tasks using an online system .
 The Cielo API is a payment processing platform based in Brazil that supports debit and credit card payments , wire transfers , bank slip payments , recurrent payments and digital wallets . Data is returned in JSON format . Cielo provides wireless machines for onsite payments , mobile card reader and the Cielo LIO ( business-targeted payment and management machine ) . With monitored transactions , Cielo is the leading sales platform in Latin America .
 The RESTful API sends requests in HTTP format and returns responses in JSON format .
 Moltin is a SaaS cloud based eCommerce platform for developers . Moltin provides decoupled components to create customized solutions for websites , mobile and desktop applications , as well as powering physical retail stores through point-of-sale and stock management systems .
 The ePayco API implements a payment system that returns JSON calls related to credit cards , bank transactions , and Efecty ( international ) payments . The API supports OnPage checkout , standard checkout , and split payments . ePayco is a Colombian payment processing platform focused on the LATAM market . ePayco charges on a per transaction basis .
 The TransferWise Payouts API provides domestic and international business payouts in more than 40 currencies . There are no setup fees , and funds are converted at the mid-market exchange rate . This API is available to businesses registered in the United Kingdom , Isle of Man , Jersey , Guernsey , EEA countries ( EU , Iceland , Liechtestein , Norway ) , Switzerland , Pakistan , India , and the Philippines .
 The Noodlio Pay API simplifies the integration of payments acceptance portals in websites and apps . Its RESTful architecture allows apps to initiate instant API requests for validating input data and applying charges on purchases made on a website . The API uses Stripe to expedite the instantaneous transfer of funds to destination accounts . It sends requests in JSON or HTTP format and returns responses in JSON format .
 The Payfort REST API integrates payments into merchant applications in the Middle East . JSON formats are available to perform callbacks that display amount , customer , language , payment and signature in return .
 The Yodlee eBills REST API allows developers to access and integrate the eBills functionality with other applications . The Yodlee eBills API opens up online bill paying capabilities to offer customers the opportunity to pay bills online with electronic or paper check payments . Yodlee Interactive is a cloud platform that provides digital financial services for businesses .
 The Standard Chartered API provides access to corporate banking services such as payments , balances and reference data . It returns the various types of “ Account Balances ” applicable for the specified Account Number , Account Detail and Balance as well as finds all support transaction types for a given account . This includes ; Accounts , Bank Code Inquiry , Holiday Calendar Inquiry and more . Standard Chartered is an international banking group , committed to building a sustainable business that provides a wide-range of products and services for personal and business customers across 71 countries .
 Ubivar offers fraud detection and financial risk tools that help eMerchants in detecting and verifying payments . Ubivar features self-learning risk score , blacklist update automation , and multiple payment feeds . The API allows to request data in bulk , and can be used to list transactions , accounts , and login times . The Ubivar API is REST based , and returns JSON data .
 The Payoneer REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Payoneer with other applications . Public documentation is not available ; interested developers should sign up here : https://www.payoneer.com/en/products/integrated-payments-api/ . Payoneer is an online payment platform that allows companies to pay and receive payments cross borders and sell things in local currencies .
 IBAN.com operates as a web-based solution that supports the validation and calculation of International Bank Account Numbers ( IBAN ) . The platform provides access to the Reverse SORT code – that is , a web-based real-time interface for identifying and validating SORT codes . The IBAN Sort Code Validation API simplifies the deployment of the SORT code verification functionality through add-on modules . Simple calls are sufficient for developers to access and integrate the SORT code functionality in the applications . This API returns responses in JSON and XML formats .
 IBAN.com operates as a web-based portal for real-time identification , validation , and calculation of International Bank Account Numbers ( IBAN ) . This platform uses algorithmic formulas to determine the validity of an IBAN . The IBAN Validation API allows user to query the existence and validity of IBANs using check digits . It provides access to many other features including the validation of domestic bank code , IBAN issuer , and country-specific IBAN length , code , and structure as well as the issuing bank ’s address . Developers can use simple HTTP GET or POST requests to initiate the automation of IBAN validation processes . The API supports JSON and XML-formatted requests and responses .
 The MasterCard Digital Enablement Service ( MDES ) is a data interchange platform for generating and managing secure digital payment tokens . The MasterCard MDES Pre-Digitization API supports the transmission of MDES-supported web requests and responses between card issuers and cardholders . Its integration allows MDES Issuers to return JSON-formatted responses to requests submitted by , or on half of , cardholders .
 The TM Forum Prepay Balance Management API supports the development of access , top-up , and fund transfer functionalities for prepaid accounts . It allows operators to create portals through which subscribers can access account balances or recharge accounts in addition to performing other transactions such as transferring funds to other user accounts . This API is still a beta release . It sends requests in URI Query / CRUD format and returns responses in JSON format .
 The MXMerchant API available by invite code can integrate payments into merchant applications , aiming to simplify inventory , rewards , and order management with a dashboards' view . The REST interface is available with HTTP requests to receive JSON and XML formats , authenticating with basic HTTP . Sandbox and cURL examples are accessible for developers interested in practicing before moving to production .
 The SlimPay REST API can process payments over HTTP , returning responses in JSON and HAL formats . Features include Mandate Signature , Direct Debit , and Card Payment . SlimPay provides payments for subscriptions using a recurring payment solution .
 This API allows you to get crypto tokens without a manual transaction sent from your wallet . It is a forwarding service that allows you to make a single transaction and receive an email notification when your entire distribution list has received their tokens . Tokenly gives acces to Tokens , a digital representation of exchange for trading cards , songs , movies , games , loyalty points , memberships and more .
 The Paylike API allows developers to accept payments online using Visa or MasterCard . Paylike is an online payment service that works with any screen or device , including mobile devices and tablets . Paylike can handle both single and recurring transactions in 47 currencies . Paylike provides payment links , a virtual POS , and a complete test environment for integration .
 The Blackbaud SKY API provides customers and partners access to open , industry-standard REST APIs allowing them to customize , integrate or extend functionality of Blackbaud solutions for fundraising and relationship management , digital marketing , advocacy , accounting , payments , analytics , school management , grant management , corporate social responsibility , and volunteerism .
 The Square Register iOS API mediates communication between iOS apps and Square ’s payments processing apps . The API ’s provider is the vendor of Square payments processing hardware that include the Square contactless and chip reader . Developers can choose between the Android and iOS versions of the Square Register API , although the Android option provides access to only native apps while the iOS option provides access to both web and native apps . The API that requires OAuth 2.0 authorization transmits requests and responses in HTTP and JSON formats .
 The InvoiceNinja API integrates invoicing and emailing into web services , providing clientID , page , and serializer as optional methods . JSON format is available for callbacks with PHP SDK as an API facilitator .
 The Orange Money Web Payment API boosts e-commerce in Africa by offering users services to accept online payments . With this API , Orange Money merchants can benefit from other services for web payment as well , such as tax collection , school fees , donations , and more . This API can be easily integrated . Access to the Orange Money Web Payment API must be requested by applying at : https://partner.orange.com/apply-orange-money/ . Orange is a global telecommunication company that provides IT and telecommunications services .
 The Orange Direct Carrier Billing Europe API provides users an efficient way to incorporate billing digital services while increasing revenue across Europe . This API can be integrated easily into the payment process , and is for digital goods or services for micro-payments . Access to the Direct Carrier Billing Europe API must be requested by filling out the form at : https://partner.orange.com/apply-for-direct-billing/ . Orange is a global telecommunication company that provides IT and telecommunications services .
 Orange Direct Carrier Billing Africa and Middle-East provides users an efficient way to incorporate billing digital services while increasing revenue in Africa and the Middle-East . This API can be integrated easily into the payment process . Access to the Direct Carrier Billing Africa and Middle-East API must be requested by filling out the form at : https://partner.orange.com/apply-for-direct-carrier-billing-in-mea/ . Orange is a global telecommunication company that provides IT and telecommunications services .
 The CMS Quality Payment Submissions API is a RESTful service that enables submissions and real-time performance scoring of Quality Payment Program ( QPP ) data . API responses can be returned in JSON or XML , including errors .
 The CMS Quality Payment Advancing Care Information API allows developers to get a list of all measures for the Advancing Care Information category , which is one of four performance categories in the Quality Payment Program . It is replacing the Meaningful Use program that currently exists . This API supports the Quality Payment Program provided by the CMS ( Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services ) .
 The CMS Quality Payment Improvement Activities API allows developers to get a complete list of Improvement Activities , one of the four performance categories for the Quality Payment Program . This API requires no input and returns a full list of improvement activities . This API supports the Quality Payment Program provided by the CMS ( Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services ) .
 Pay.nl is a Netherlands based payment processing firm that assembles different payment options into one platform . Pay.nl offers several features such as 2-way processing , multiple bank accounts , in-store payments , and SMS solutions for chat and subscriptions . The Pay.nl API provides over 250 functions related to payment processing . Registration is required to access documentation . Web content in Dutch language . Technical support available by email at support@pay.nl
 The CMSOnline API in agreement with USAePay Solutions , integrate merchant payments into applications . Developers can access a SOAP interface with libraries in PHP , JavaScript , ColdFusion , Ruby , . NET , and Perl , requesting HTTP GET calls to receive XML responses in return .
 The Lime Light CRM API integrates customer memberships into applications . It aims to automate selling processes , by providing JSON protocols using HTTPS POST as request format . Developers can use Lime Light to target direct response advertiser interested in marketing strategies integrations .
 The Domain Connect PayTM API provides a protocol to connect service providers such as PayTM with domain name services . The API allows developers to configure PayTM features with domain names and services . The Domain Connect protocol was developed by GoDaddy to serve as an open standard protocol to help developers and users bridge features from service providers with domain name providers .
 The Ingo Money Push Pay API integrates payments into applications , providing pre-printed payroll , government checks , and mobile check deposits . For additional information about authentication , requests , and responses , ask for help@ingomoney.com
 The Funkbit Splitabill API allows users to monitor and share bill expenses . Developers can use any of the programming languages , such as Java , Python , JavaScrip , and Ruby , to integrate the RESTful API into payment applications . This API sends requests in HTTP format and returns responses in JSON format . The current version of the API is a beta release .
 The CardConnect API integrates payments into transactional web services . It is available in REST architecture with HTTP verbs , CURD functions , and JSON responses . In addition , it provides endpoints to authorize , capture , void , and inquire funds .
 This API has anti-fraud capability that allows merchants to submit additional data with an authorization request . Risk-decisioning helps to decrease fraud , improve approval rates , and reduce the cost of doing business by providing a mechanism to increase the level of fraud detection during the authorization process . Merchants submit the available information before processing the authorization . American Express is a global service company , providing customers with access to products , insights and experiences that build business .
 The Sage Direct API brings Sage Payments to a whole new level with its full suite of products and services . Using this API , developers can integrate healthcare , retail , e-commerce , and more with the Sage Direct features . Sage Payment Solutions is a full service payment provider , offered through Sage , providing services for businesses and human resource professionals .
 This API allows you to ; purchase products on the MTX platform , supports purchasing products managed by an external catalog system and purchasing products managed by the MTX platform with one-click checkout or shopping cart checkout . This includes ; Offerless Checkout , One Click Direct Checkout and Cart Checkout . MTX provides a service that lets developers create payment solutions using points , promotional rewards , or virtual currency and coupons . MTX provides access to in-app microtransactions on top of a highly-scalable hosted environment for application developers to offload the heavy transaction burden .
 This API provides the functionality to create and organize products for purchase and allows creating one or more categories . A category can be used to group similar product offers and includes ; Category Import , Get Property , Get Offer and more . MTX provides a service that lets developers create payment solutions using points , promotional rewards , or virtual currency and coupons . MTX provides access to in-app microtransactions on top of a highly-scalable hosted environment for application developers to offload the heavy transaction burden .
 This API is used with a funds transfer to / from a Visa payment account to determine key characteristics of a recipient card before initiating the transfer like country , card-type , block status and more . It has been enhanced to query PullFundsTransactions ( AFT ) and PushFundsTransactions ( OCT ) eligibility ( both domestic and cross-border ) for multiple U.S. debit networks . This includes Attributes Inquiry and Funds Transfer Attributes Inquiry . The two APIs take the primary account number as an input and return a variety of attributes associated with the payment account . This allows you to access both general attributes of the account and specific attributes that are needed to use a payment account as part of a funds transfer .
 Amazon Gift Codes may be used to incentivize customers and employees or disburse payments . The Amazon Incentives API supports the requisition and distribution of the Amazon Gift Codes . Recipients can instantly redeem and use their rewards to shop on the Amazon . Developers can also use the different functional and automation features of the API to streamline inventory management and enhance operational efficiency . The API ’s documentation is accessible upon signing up for an account through a link provided at its portal homepage . The signup is a simple registration process that allows developers to access administrative and technical support from the Amazon Incentives team .
 This API can pull funds from the sender's Visa account in an Account Funding Transaction ( AFT ) . It also provides functionality to push funds to the recipient's Visa account in an Original Credit Transaction ( OCT ) . If a transaction is declined , the Funds Transfer API can also return the funds to the sender's funding source in an Account Funding Transaction Reversal ( AFTR ) . Visa Direct allows you to push payments to eligible Visa accounts , fund transfers from a variety of sources and the ability to use APIs inside ATM ’s , mobile , web , and in-branch applications . It is a payment service that lets people " push " money to over 1 billion Visa accounts through the Original Credit Transaction ( OCT ) . Visa Direct consumer and business applications include : Money Transfer , Prepaid Load , Credit Card Bill Pay and Funds Disbursements .
 The Cayan Genius Transaction Processing API allows you to integrate payments into your shopping cart with Authorize.Net . It provides a way for a business to collect payment information and run transactions through the Virtual Terminal . This includes Genius Certification Script , Implementation Review Outline , EMV Response message field and value documentation and more . Cayan is a leading provider of payment technologies and merchant account services .
 This API allows you to display line item level data on the Genius CED . Cayan provides a way for business to collect payment information and run transactions through the Virtual Terminal . This includes ; Genius Certification Script , Implementation Review Outline , EMV Response message field and value documentation and more . Cayan is a provider of payment technologies and merchant account services .
 This API allows you to create your own booking interface from the simplest widget to a multifunctional application , with functionality customized according to your specific business . Simplybook uses the JSON-RPC 2.0 protocol and returns employees , locations and more . Simplybook.me is a booking system for service providers including ; dentists , medical services , hair & beauty salons , repair services , event planners , rental agencies , educational services and more .
 The Aptexx Mobile Payments API provides developers a simple , mobile-optimized PCI-compliant payment processing system right out of the box . With this API , customers are given more payment options . Aptexx is a mobile payment and messaging service that works to empower property managers and residents with their services .
 The Captcha Coin API allows developers to integrate Bitcoin wallet and Bitcoin pay captcha services into their websites and applications . A pay captcha is an alternative form of captcha that accepts payments and can be used to secure content and services for paid access . Both the wallet and captcha services are provided for free .
 This SAOP API provides access to a central location where you can manage everything related to transaction processing with Authipay . Run secure transactions yourself , set up your web site to run transactions for you , review transaction reports and more . Languages available in English , Dutch , French , German , Italian and Portuguese . AIB Merchant Services is a provider of payment solutions , with operations in Ireland and Britain , and with card processing capabilities throughout continental Europe .
 The Cloud Elements Payments Hub API provides developers with integrated access to leading cloud-based online payment and subscription billing services such as Chargebee , Stripe , Chargify , and Expensify . This allows developers to use uniform API calls to manage their customers , subscriptions , and transactions across multiple cloud payment services .
 The Allmyles Double Clutch Payment API intends to provide online players to integrate bookable travel content to your web or native application as well as allows your audience to purchase travel services without any travel industry specific legal and technical prerequisites .
 The Digitzs REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Digitzs with other applications . Some example API methods include managing merchants , managing and accepting payments , and managing customers . Digitzs provides payment processing tools for applications and platforms so users can accept payments in applications and on platforms .
 The Payleven Point Pay API integrates payments into web services and mobile applications . It provides multi-channel developer support and EMV / PCI certified bluetooth card reader . Contact Sign up to receive API Key at https://service.payleven.com/uk/developer?product=pointpay
 The Square Register Android API mediates communication between Android apps and Square ’s payments processing apps . The API ’s provider is the vendor of Square payments processing hardware that include the Square contactless and chip reader . Developers can choose between the Android and iOS versions of the Square Register API , although the Android option provides access to only native apps while the iOS option provides access to both web and native apps . The API that requires OAuth 2.0 authorization transmits requests and responses in HTTP and JSON formats .
 The CURO Payments API allows merchants to integrate payment functions into their own online shops and services . CURO Payments is a company regulated by the Dutch Central Bank ( DNB ) that specializes in handling financial transactions between customers and online retailers . They also provide services to companies involved in online payments and e-commerce . The CURO Payments website is offered in both Dutch and English .
 The Avaza API Allows programmable access to contacts , projects , tasks , invoices , and taxes . It is available in JSON and REST protocol with OAuth2 authentication . Avaza provides project management , invoicing , and other services to organize client-focused businesses .
 The PayTraq API allows developers to programmatically access their clients , suppliers , employees , items , warehousing , sales , purchases , inventory moves , payments , and accounting from a single interface . PayTraq is an enterprise resource planning ( ERP ) service for business owners , organizers , and accountants . They provide a cloud-based business suite that includes accounting and bookkeeping services .
 North American Bancard ( NAB ) is a payment processing platform designed to be developer friendly . This platform offers multi currency support , recurrent billing , virtual terminal , Apple Pay support , and fraud prevention . The Velocity API is used for full integration with Velocity Managed Commerce Services Platform which offers eCommerce , Mobile , and Back Office payment support . This API can be integrated by using REST or SOAP protocols , uses Tokens for authentication , and returns data in JSON or XML formats .
 CoinSecure is an API that aims to provide developers with a secure way to facilitate transactions with Bitcoin . The API intends to offer features such as security , trade free exchanges , and platform support .
 The Square Connect API is a money management tool for developers that allows for the management of transactions , sales , reporting and inventory . Square offers multiple APIs that all aim to provide snycing capabilities , sales reporting , and employee management for iOS platforms .
 The Omise API integrates payments and refunds features into mobile applications . Developers can implement by working with REST format and authenticate with token . Omise provides guides to interact with cards , transfers , and banks . Omise is a payment service for Southeast Asia , based in Thailand .
 As a developer or designer you no longer need to compromise the design and functionality of your eCommerce solution as CommerceJS fits around your design and code . Choose to only enable the features and functionality you need for your project and rapidly implement the solution . As we are a cloud based service , once you're done with development you can hand off the project and let us take care of any updates or changes that need to be made .
 CardPay's Payment API is a payment management platform where users can receive payments and check payment statuses . The API can operate via directing customers to CardPay ’s " Payment Page " or to a merchants " External Payment Page " . Both methods are managed and verified by CardPay . CardPay is PCI DSS certified and compliant and all connections are secured through Thawte DV SSL certificates .
 The AnywhereCommerce REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of AnywhereCommerce with other applications . Public documentation is not available ; API access comes with account service . AnywhereCommerce provides merchants payment platforms and online point-of-sale ( POS ) functionality and support .
 The Gerencianet API allows developers to integrate its services for handling billing , payments , and receipts into their own applications . Gerencianet is a Brazilian intermediary payments company that allows users to issue bills or payment books to their customers and to get receipts for payments received . The Gerencianet website and API documentation are provided solely in Portuguese .
 The SnapScan API is a RESTful-like API that provides authentication , error codes , pagination , and webhooks for developers utilizing the API's services . The SnapScan API provides tools for generating QR codes and URL structures , can query the status of payments that were made against merchant accounts , and mark the end of transaction periods and query all payments completed within associated periods . SnapScan is a mobile payments platform based in Cape Town , South Africa .
 OpenACH is a South Dakota payment processing system provider . EasyOFAC is an OFAC compliance platform which features layered fuzzy search to avoid false positives . Also , it provides real time monitoring for ongoing compliance , and guided compliance workflow . This API is is REST based , returns data in JSON format , and uses API keys for authentication .
 The Merchant Warrior API allows to integrate credit card payment solutions into merchant's applications . Documentation is available for download in the link provided as a PDF file , in which developers can find protocols in HTTP & XML , SSL security and Api Key access . Merchant Warrior is an e-commerce service based in Australia .
 The ePay Payment Solutions API allows to integrate payments into web services in SOAP protocol . Originally from Denmark , ePay additionally provides invoicing and subscription alternatives . To read documentation , visit http://tech.epay.dk/en/payment-web-service
 Clever Banking API is a banking platform ; send and receive Euros , Dollars , and Bitcoin . CleverCoin's API is partnered with all major payment channels including : Visa , Mastercard , Sepa , Ideal , and Bitcoin . The Clever Banking API offers fraud protection , Bitcoin conversion , multi-signature transfers , and is compliant with European Regulations . API documentation can be obtained through contacting CleverCoin .
 The HotspotSystem.com API allows to implement hotspot features into mobile applications and to bill for internet usage . Protocols available in JSON and XML with SSL , basic HTTP , and Api Key as authentication methods . HotspotSystem provides hotspot management and billing ability to businesses who offer internet to their customers .
 The Heartland Payment Systems API allows to integrate payments and billing functionalities into web services . Tokens and keys available to authenticate . Also accessible examples in C# , PHP , Java , Ruby , Python , and Node.js . Industries that can benefit from integration include restaurants , education K-12 , retail , campus , grocery , parking , laundry , and petroleum . Heartland provides payroll , gift cards , point of sale , mobile payments , school solutions , school nutrition , and mobile ordering services .
 The PayPal Express Checkout API allows merchants to streamline the checkout process . When customers check out , they are redirected to Paypal.com from the merchant's site and then returned to the merchant's site for payment confirmation . Developers will need to have a PayPal merchant account in order to use this service .
 The Paysera Notification API allows developers to receive notifications from account events . Parameters include credit , currency , amount , beneficiary , and payment . A PHP library is available to support integration , in addition to JSON and REST protocols , which are part of Paysera Wallet API . Paysera provides secured and easy online money transfers via mobile phones .
 The Khipu API allows developers integrate the ability to create charges and receive payments into their own websites and applications . Khipu is a Bolivian payment system that is based on simplified bank transfers . It is designed for use by both businesses and individuals . The website and API documentation are provided in Spanish .
 The Make It Social Product REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Make It Social Product with other applications . Some example API methods include creating a new product , managing products , and creating webhooks . Make It Social provides users and travel providers tools to arrange and book group travel .
 The Peanut Labs allows developers to integrate publishing features into web projects . Once added , users will be able to engage with ad campaigns and surveys from Peanut Labs . The API provides requests in HTTP and responses in JSON and JSONP , and is accessible with a Key . PeanutLabs is based in San Francisco , California and offers monetization services targeted for websites and mobile applications .
 The PayTabs API allows to integrate payments features into web services , providing JSON and REST protocols accessible with an Api Key . In addition to payments , PayTabs offers eCommerce and invoicing services in the Middle East .
 The Hyperwallet Payout API brings developers an efficient and accessible platform for executing payouts to a globally dispersed workforce . This API provides the tools needed to quickly and securely make payments to everyone on the workforce . Hyperwallet offers payouts with flexibility , freedom , and on-demand tracking .
 The SetPay API provides developers a quick and safe way to add payment options to the flow of an application . SetPay offers a new and convenient way to accept credit card payments at any time and anywhere , via a smartphone or tablet and the card reader of SetPay .
 The Picatic API gives users tools to sell tickets online , directly from your app or website . The Picatic API also provides the ability to quickly create new events , list events on your own website , create links to purchase tickets online , retrieve and store data from events , automatically add registrants to a CRM , send triggered emails based on actions , view attendee , order and survey information , and more . With this API , users get real-time access to reporting data and can create personalized reports . Picatic is a ticketing platform with a unique approach to let promoters create event pages to generate funding before events are booked .
 figo.io is the first Banking-as-a-Service in Europe . It enables access to every financial services provider through one API . With the figo Banking API developers can integrate the access to a bank account , the history of transactions , and the submission of payments . Authentication is available via OAuth2 . Formats in JSON and REST allow to request and receive responses to retrieve bank accounts , modify bank accounts , and remove a PIN number from the server .
 ACH Solutions invites developers to become integrated partners . Payments , accounting , and baking are some of the features that can be implemented into web services and mobile applications via XML requester . ACH Solutions is a division of UMS Banking and provides a secure low cost alternative for web and mobile payment services .
 The ADP Payroll API brings developers tools for Payroll Management and Services . This includes Pay Statements and Distributions , Tax Statements , ATM Locators , Paycard Funding Initiation , and more . The ADP APIs are built across eight pillars of Human Capital Management . Currently the ADP APIs are only available in the US , but will be opened up to the rest of the world soon . ADP provides payroll services to businesses in the U.S.
 Komoju is a Japanese company focused on payments , eCommerce , and banking services . The API supports all payment methods in Japanese Yen ( JPY ) , offering REST protocol and a hosted page for integrations . Developers can authenticate with HTTP basic auth to send requests and receive responses in JSON format .
 The Stripe Relay API offers a commercial platform to integrate with existing applications . This lets users buy products across different media such as tweets , and advertisements . The Stripe Relay API extends the capabilities of the Stripe API . The Relay API is REST based , and returns data in JSON format . It uses the API Key method for authentication . Stripe focuses on deliver systems that let businesses and private individuals accept online payments .
 The Xfers Transaction REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Xfers with other applications . Some example API methods include receiving transaction lists , retrieving status of transactions , and managing transactions . Xfers is an online payment system .
 The Xfers Payout REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Xfers with other applications . Some example API methods include requesting payouts , retrieving payout status , and receiving payout messages . Xfers is an online payment system .
 The Xfers Payments REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Xfers with other applications . Some example API methods include requesting payments , cancelling payments , and receiving payment notifications . Xfers is an online payment system .
 The Plenigo API provides an eCommerce platform for digital media distributors . This RESTful API uses OAuth 2 authentication , and responses are in JSON format . Plenigo integrates analytics , product administration and billing in one solution . Services include paywall functions like day passes , vouchers , metered views , pay-per-view or subscriptions . Payment options include PayPal , credit cards , bank transfers and more .
 The InPlayer API service brings developers a tailored experience and white-labeled management from all parties that are interested in taking on the direct-to-API approach . In the time of AWS , distributed systems , and expanding need for integration and growth , the InPlayer API has grown into its own CMS-as-a-Service and User-Management-as-a-Service . The API document and key is only available to registered users . For more information and to register , contact InPlayer at sales@inplayer.com . InPlayer allows media publishers to monetize videos via video ads within the player , user data capture , and paywall within videos , and other services .
 MobiCart helps eCommerce website providers to create mCommerce mobile applications . Create native iPhone , iPad and Android apps that users can download from app stores and HTML5 web apps that are accessible from a mobile browser . MobiCart Store API aims to facilitate business transactions with mobile devices , providing API features such as store settings , shipping , tax , countries , and states . Available in JSON and XML format , this API can be accessed with a Key . Additional APIs that could enhance integration include Product API , Order API , and Department API .
 The Blockchain Data API allows Bitcoin block and transaction payments data query functionality . This API provides requests for data regarding single block , single transaction , chart , block height , single and multi address , unspent outputs , unconfirmed transaction , inventory and more . CORS header information is provided and all responses are in JSON . Blockchain is a service that provides information on bitcoins and block chain data . Blockchain also allows users to manage their online bitcoin currency with online wallets
 The Blockchain Create Wallet API allows for the creation of a blockchain.info bitcoin wallet with the a pre-generated secret API key . This API uses POST or GET requests and provides JSON responses and authentication is through a secret API key . Blockchain is a service that provides information on bitcoins and block chain data . Blockchain also allows users to manage their online bitcoin currency with online wallets .
 The Bindo API allows developers to integrate access to their stores , products , and payments into 3rd-party applications . Bindo is an e-commerce platform that provides users with real-time store data , 24/7 payment gateway access , and order tracking services . The API documentation is not public , but is available upon request .
 The Intuit Payments API allows developers to integrate Quickbooks Payments service with their applications . By making requests to the API , developers are able to create custom eCommerce app , and build an app that processes credit car payments . Intuit provides businesses a way to manage their finances .
 The DVI Give API facilitates charitable giving by allowing end users to search for and access information about charities from third part applications . Users can even make donations through the API and immediately receive a tax receipt . DVI ( Dexterity Ventures Inc. ) is an organization that provides donation tools for businesses who want to incorporate charitable giving into their products or online presence .
 The ChangeTip API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of ChangeTip with other applications using a REST API in JSON . The two main API methods are posting tips and retrieving tips . ChangeTip is an application that allows users to send and receive monetary ( bitcoin ) tips .
 MyNXT is a decentralized way to use a mobile wallet . This is an open source tool that allows users to take control of funds without downloads , installation , or hassle . The API service is about interaction with the myNXT.info online wallet and performance of standard NXT queries . Every time a developer makes a call to the myNXT.info API , the site will determine the best server to process the request . All servers work on HTTPS mode , providing security through the calls that should be made through this method .
 MyNXT Wallet permits users to control personal finances through an open source decentralized system . The API service is about interaction with the myNXT.info online wallet and performance of standard NXT queries . Users should note that servers work on HTTPS mode , offering security through every call . Parameters include email requires as login email , password as login , uuid optional , and gauth_user_code ( needed if 2fa is enabled ) . The site provides additional examples with calls and responses to get encrypted wallet , get tickets , and get all accounts from a user .
 Lob Simple Check Service API requires an authentication key for the creation of check print jobs that are processed and mailed . This REST API supports a URL or local file for the logo creation . This API provides Ruby , Node.js , PHP , Java , & Python wrappers for ease of integration .
 Judo Marketplace can be used to provide card acceptance as well as automate fee collection for users . Judo Marketplace is thus good for businesses which connect customers with other businesses or sellers . The Marketplace API enables the programmatic access to marketplace admin functions and payment processing features , allowing users to host a marketplace , publish multiple apps for multiple customers , automate payments and fees , and more .
 EBANX is an eCommerce payment solution for international merchants that are selling their products to Brazil-based individuals . Using the EBANX API , developers can integrate the EBANX payment services into third party applications . These server-to-server operations can be called upon to create , confirm , or cancel payments , create recurring payments , capture credit card information , refund payments , check the status of existing payments , and retrieve currency exchange rates . The EBANX Academy for Developers provides ample documentation as well as integration tools such as a PHP library to help developers implement the API .
 Shopwave is a point-of-sale solution for merchants . Shopwave provides point-of-sale functions for businesses to accept payments . The Shopwave API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Shopwave with other applications . Some example API methods include retrieving item data , posting payments , and managing user accounts .
 Bitpay is an online payment service that uses bitcoins , it provides people a platform to make payments online . The BitPay API is REST based , which enables developers to integrate its services into their applications . With the API , clients can create and manage invoices , issue refunds , manage bills , and more . . Developers may call the API directly over HTTP .
 Coinwallet.co is an online wallet that can be used to handle multiple cryptocurrencies . Users can register with Coinwallet.co and start generating their own wallet addresses in less than a minute . Up to 50 addresses may be created for each currency in a wallet along with unlimited outgoing payment addresses . The Coinwallet.co API allows users to get currencies , check their balances , get received transactions , get sent transactions , send payments , and get a new address .
 Transverse is a software-as-a-service company that provides businesses a way to automate billing , and manage their customer subscriptions . The Transverse Tract REST API lets developers integrate their applications with the Tract service by making REST requests to the API . The API uses HTTP Basic Authentication .
 Transverse is a software-as-a-service company that provides businesses a way to automate billing , and manage their customer subscriptions . The Transverse Tract SOAP API lets developers integrate their applications with the Tract service by making SOAP requests to the API . The API uses Basic HTTP Authentication .
 Clearent's developer-friendly payments platform offers multiple integration options so you can provide your customers with a seamless transaction experience . When you integrate credit card payments through Clearent's API solution you can start earning money today and get live support from payments experts .
 BlueSnap ’s Payment API enables merchants to accept online payments via the major credit & debit cards , PayPal and other mobile wallets like MasterPass and Visa Checkout . Merchants can also store shopper details in BlueSnap . The Payment API provides end-to-end subscription management capabilities via BlueSnap ’s award-winning Subscription Engine . The API is available in 180 countries and supports 100 currencies . To reduce PCI compliance scope while keeping sensitive card data secure , merchants can use the API with BlueSnap ’s Hosted Payment Fields or client-side encryption JS libraries . An Android SDK is available for integration in native Android apps . The BlueSnap Developer Hub includes an interactive API Explorer , quickstart guides and tutorials , sample code , and complete reference info .
 BitPay hosts a REST-based interface for developers to interact with a user's BitPay account and online Bitcoin payment service . Users can submit orders in over 30 currencies , display payment instructions , receive payment notifications , and receive payouts to banks in 9 countries . The BitPay Rate API returns exchange rates which compare the price of Bitcoin to hundreds of currencies across the world . The API can be accessed over HTTPS and returns a JSON-formatted responses .
 SpectroCoin provides its users with secure Bitcoin e-wallet , exchange , and merchant services . The SpectroCoin website offers SSL security , and users' accounts are protected via two-factor authentication . SpectroCoin allows merchants to accept Bitcoins without having to worry about the current Bitcoin exchange rate . The SpectroCoin Merchant API lets merchants integrate the ability to receive Bitcoin payments into their websites or applications .
 2Checkout is a payment service that let businesses to process transactions on the web . The 2Checkout Admin API lets developers to integrate its administrative fuctionality into their applications / websites . With this API integrated , users will be able to automate account and order management processes . Request can be returned in XML , JSON , and HTML format .
 The Base Commerce API provides numerous functions for developers to utilize . These functions of the API pertain to credit card processing , ACH processing , secured vault , and a push notifications platform . The API allows companies to easily accept payments to help minimize fraud and keeps their margins high .
 Square helps consumers to pay with card in a mobile environment . For a business that prefers to keep all sales information in a settled location , Square Stand is the choice . In contrast , if the enterprise is mobile , Square Reader is the alternative . With the aim to ease commerce , Square offers The Connect API . This application provides HTTP endpoints to retrieve reports for users' payments , refunds , and settlements . It also allows to manage merchant's items . Square Connect API is about point of sale transactions with cards using iPad , iPhone , and Android . Additional resources of transactions , OAuth , and eCommerce are available on Square site .
 SudoPay is a single payment gateway API , allowing transparent integration on website . Allowed payment gateways include PayPal , stripe , Swolla , Bitcoin , Amazon , Visa , Mastercard , and Braintree . SudoPay provides conversion methods , fraud avoidance and the ability to create manual and offline payments .
 The CheckIssuing API allows users to securely import data directly into the company's systems to process payments . To use the API , it is suggested to create an account . After receiving an API key , the documents will serve as a guide to begin with the implementation . This API can be particularly useful to access account balances , submit new deposits , and submit new payment requests .
 The Urban Airship Wallet Studio API provides developers the ability to create wallet items for their customers' individual accounts . The API supports both Android and iOS platforms .
 BTC Markets is an Australian based BitCoin and cryptocurrency exchange . Using BTC Markets , users can buy , trade , and sell their digital currency all through their bank account credentials . BTC Markets hosts an API to help developers create trading and payment mobile app solutions . The BTC Markets REST API accepts JSON formatted GET requests to the HTTP endpoint . The API will return account balances , can be used to transfer funds , and be used to retrieve market data via a ticker , orderbook , and summary of recent trades . The BTC Markets API accepts an API key and valid time stamp for authentication .
 AsMoney is an electronic payment system based on the Bitcoin and Litecoin networks . Members can make instant payments for goods and services , or send and receive money with minimal fees .
 Thailand Mobile Recharge is an API provided by ThailandTopup.com for topping up the credits on prepaid mobile phones from the three major Thai mobile phone networks-AIS 12call , DTAC Happy , and True Move . From a single account , users can add credits to any prepaid mobile phone on those networks . An Auto Lookup feature allows users to look up the network associated with a phone number in real time . Users can pay for credits through PayPal or Thai Bank Transfer .
 PayStand is a full eCommerce platform that allows providers to receive debit and credit card payments online . PayStand supports standard credit card carriers ( Visa , Master Card , American Express , and Discover ) , eChecks ( Ach , Dwolla ) , as well as BitCoin . Using the PayStand API , eCommerce providers may create , edit , and manage existing products , and receive payments . All APIs use the HTTP POST method , and request and response data is in the JSON format . PayStand also offers plugin modules for Pinterest , Drupal , & WordPress working with WooCommerce , and an iOS SDK for develops to construct applications that easily interact with PayStand . Currently in early access beta mode , access to the PayStand API requires an API key for use .
 MyBitX is a global BitCoin and crypto-currency exchange service and wallet hosting service . With MyBitX , users can accept , spend and receive BitCoin using personal secure wallet . Using the MyBitX API without authentication , developers may retrieve market data . Using HTTP basic authentication , developers may request recently placed orders , create new trade orders , receive balances , make withdrawals , and more . API calls are currently limited to one request per minute per IP address .
 Coinprism is a service that allows for the tokenization of cryptocurrency . Using Coinprism's Colored Coins , users are able to trade shares , bonds , and commodities without regulation by coloring BitCoin . Using the Coinprism Colored Coins API , developers can use GET & POST HTTP requests to issue colored coins , access a wallet to make a transaction , and return balances .
 Mintpal is a cryptocurrency exchange platform . The Mintpal API is currently in V1 , allowing developers to access the Mintpal API to retrieve information on all supported cryptocurrency price indexes , market statistics , personal trades , orders , and other data . V2 , currently in beta , will allow developers to post trades and call orders using the Mintpal wallet platform as well . All calls are made via HTTP , and the data is returned in JSON formatted arrays . The request limit is 10 requests per second .
 Taxee is a RESTful API that accepts an income amount and filing status , and calculates the tax amount owed . This filing preparation service takes federal and state mandates as well as deductions into consideration when preparing the amount . The Taxee API can also retrieve information on deductions and tax brackets for all states given a certain year . The API is open source and available for download through GitHub .
 Block.io API offers a secure wallet and payment service for transacting the three most common cryptocurrencies ( Bitcoin , Doge , & LiteCoin ) . Their service is hosted without fees . Their HTTP request API uses the keys associated with each personal cryptocurrency account , to return balances , conduct withdrawals and account maintenance , and return user IDs & addresses associated with a specific account .
 Visa Checkout API helps developers to integrate payments . The fundamental value of this API is the functionality of e-commerce transactions , useful for developers who work with online businesses open 24/7 . The API is about payment integration . Visa Checkout API features REST protocol , HTTPS interfaces , and API Key which can be used publicly or privately . Developers can receive Twitter tips and e-mail support .
 Ideamart is a platform that provides developers with a variety of services that they can integrate into their own applications . These services are delivered in the form of the Idea Pro APIs , which may be used to send SMS , charge payments , build apps with USSD menus , find user locations in real time , transfer funds between eZ Cash wallets , and manage subscriptions .
 Doge API is a digital wallet for Dogecoins , a type of cryptocurrency . The wallet allows users to send , receive , and keep track of their Dogecoins . Doge API calls allow users to check their balance , send payments , get their payment address , get the current Dogecoin price in USD or BTC , retrieve a list of their recent transactions , and more .
 Veritrans is an online payment gateway for Indonesian markets . The service aims to provide services for credit cards , ClickPay Mandiri , CIMB Clicks , BRI e-Pay , Cash XL , Telkomsel T-Cash , and other payment options . The Veritran VT-Web API allows users to accept payment and because the whole payment process is handled by Veritrans , Veritrans can take care of most of the information security compliance requirements from the bank ( Veritrans is certified as a PCI-DSS Level 1 Service Provider ) . The API uses REST calls and returns JSON . Users can use the API to get requests that consist of payment status information . With this information , merchant server can update the transaction status in the merchant database
 TradeVine is an ecommerce solutions service that facilitates TradeMe listing and interactions . TradeVine allows users to get notifications when listings change , create a unique ecommerce store , integrate with Xero , streamline purchases , and evaluate inventory , among other features . The TradeVine API allows users to use REST calls to retrieve data from the TradeMe platform . The API returns JSON , uses SSL and OAuth for authentication , and an account is required with service .
 Auric Systems International is a PCI compliant solutions provider that produces payment transaction processing applications from cryptographic key management to tokenized credit card storage.The PaymentVault API , provided by Auric Systems , allows users to integrate merchant shops with the PaymentVault service . PaymentVault Tokenization provides off-site data storage for tokenized credit card account numbers and separate bulk storage of encrypted credit card information from the cardholder's personally identifiable information . The API uses JSON-RPC , and account is required with service .
 Delivery.com provides a database of restaurants , fast food establishments , dry cleaners , and liquor stores that provide delivery options . Users can search locally for places that provide delivery , place an order , and pay online . The Delivery.com API provides developers with the tools to integrate the search and ordering functions into third-party applications . The Delivery APIs allows users to search for local restaurants , liquor stores , and laundries that offer delivery and pickup then make purchases through the checkout API .
 Payza is a global online payment platform that enables consumers and businesses to send and receive money instantly . The Payza API provides a developer interface for interacting with this platform . The API is able to send individual or mass payments , refund transactions , cancel subscriptions , and to return merchant and consumer data .
 BlueTarp Financial is a financial services company dedicated to serving building supply dealers in the U.S. BlueTarp provides a transaction authorization API that developers can integrate into their own websites or systems in order to support transaction processing through BlueTarp . Supported transactions may include sale , credit , void , deposit hold , and deposit collection transactions .
 Bahaquote is an invoicing and expensing service that provides users with access to online invoicing , expense monitoring , mobile access , email marketing , and other features . The Bahaquote platform can be integrated into third party applications and used for automation using the Bahaquote API . The API allows users to complete transactions online , update billing information , send quotes and invoices in a systematic manner through an automated process . An account is required with service .
 The DSN is based on a monthly transmission of personal data of employees , automated payroll software , after payroll , via a single reception point responsible for allocating data to the recipients . The DSN public API provides access to social statements in France .
 Treasury.io us a United States Treasury information provider that makes the data reported by the treasury on a daily basis readily available . The Treasury.io API provides users with access to the treasury's Operating Cash Balance , Deposits and Withdrawals , Public Debt Transactions , Adjustment of Public Dept Transactions to Cash Basis , Debt Subject to Limit , Federal Tax Deposits , Short-term Cash Investment , and Income Tax Refunds Issued . The API uses REST calls and returns JSON .
 BinDB is a bank identification number database that helps businesses identify credit and debit cards . The BINDB is widely used for fraud protection and credit card payment processing . BinDB provides a flexible API solutions to query the Issuer Identificaton Number database . An account is required to use the API .
 TSYS is a payment acceptance service that provides a services from payment processing and merchant services , to gift card servicing and exchange rate payment services . The TSYS API allows users to integrate third-party applications with the payment processing service and other products with an emphasis on the mobile services . TSYS uses SSL for authentication . Documentation access requires registration .
 PriceMyLoan serves the mortgage lending industry by providing loan pricing and underwriting services online as a service . The PriceMyLoan API allows users to integrate the mortgage processing service into third party applications . The API can returns a variety of data formats , and an account is required with service .
 Liteapi.org is a crypto-currency facilitator that provides resources to utilize or incorporate litecoin payment into merchant applications . The Liteapi.org API allows users to receive payments , get exchange rates , access the blockchain , and make other calls . The API also allows users to build apps that utilize litecoin , or add litecoin functionality to existing applications . The API uses REST calls , returns JSON , and uses SSL for authentication .
 DogeAPI is an API for the use of the crypto-currency Dogecoin built around the popular doge meme . The DogeCoin API allows users to build payment processing into merchant websites . The API includes calls to get a balance , withdraw funds , get a new address , get a user address , get an address received , get address by label , get difficulty , and get current block . The API uses REST calls and both SSL and an API key for authentication .
 GoCoin is an international payment platform that allows users to send and accept crypto-currencies as payment within merchant shops and other organizations . The GoCoin API uses REST calls , returns JSON , and allows users to make calls to interact with account data , deposit addresses , invoices , merchants , merchant users , merchant payout addresses , and users . An account is required with service , and OAuth and SSL are used for authentication .
 Trade.tf is a product sales site for steam users . Users can post for sale or buy items . The site includes trading segregated by quality , spreadsheets of pricing , and crates of items . The Trade.tf API allows uses to use REST calls to get a spreadsheet to display prices on a user's website . The API returns JSON and an API Key is required for use . An account is required with service .
 Moltin is a SaaS cloud based eCommerce platform for developers . Moltin provides decoupled components to create customised solutions for websites , mobile and desktop applications , as well as powering physical retail stores through point-of-sale and stock management systems .
 Gittip is a weekly crowdfunding " gifting " platform . Users of Gittip can send and received weekly payments to and from other Gittip users .
 The Gittip API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Gittip with other applications . Some example API methods include returning payment information , retrieving stats , and managing user information .
 Imonggo is a web-based point of sale service that provides inventory management , sales analysis , and business intelligence . The Imonggo API allows users to integrate third party applications and website with the Imonggo platform . The API provides primary resources for access such as : products , customers , invoices , documents , and inventories . The API uses REST calls , returns XML , and uses SSL for authentication . An account is required with service .
 Payscape Advisors provides financial tools to help businesses accept payments , streamline their business , and increase cash flow . The Payscape Advisorsâ € ™ payment gateway is programmatically accessible through an API .
 TheCurrencyCloud is an international payment provider that provides payment , conversion , and exchange services . TheCurrencyCloud API allows users to make REST calls to get access to the API , execute a currency trade , create and maintain payment beneficiaries , make international payments , access exchange rate information , and group settled trades . The API will have access account management and contact information in the future . An account is required with service .
 Conekta is an online payment platform for Latin American businesses that enables them to process online payments using both online and offline methods . Conekta can be used for any type of transaction such as selling physical products , charging for a service , taking donations , or enabling marketplaces for third parties .
 Conekta offers a REST API that provides Merchants and
 Marketplaces an easy way to start accepting payments through a website or application . API methods include Charges , Customers , Cards , Subscriptions , Plans and Events . All responses are in JSON , but sessions can be configured to receive responses in XML . An API key is required .
 The CityPay PayPOST API is RESTful payment API used for server to server transactional processing . Merchants can use the API to integrate CityPay payment services into their own applications . The API provides a number of payment mechanisms including fraud protection , preauthorization , and Internet , MOTO , CA transaction processing . The API provides data in XML or JSON .
 Evergreen is a asset-backed digital currency that allows users to exchange euros for evergreens , and use them as payment . The evergreens are exchanged at a 6:1 ratio with Euros , and are backed by a basket of currencies and environmental investments . The Evergreen API uses REST calls and returns JSON . Users can make calls to interface between mobile apps and websites to manipulates wallets containing evergreens . An account is required with service .
 MPower is a payment service that interacts with digital wallets and bank accounts , offering end-to-end online and mobile payment solutions . The MPower API provides programmatic access to those solutions . The API is , for example , able to initiate payment requests , handle direct payments , redirect customers to MPower for checkout , add tax information or custom data to invoices , and more .
 The VivaPayments service allows online store owners to accept payments sent via email , phone , e-banking , or a physical location . VivaPayments also provides next-day deposits , interest-free monthly installments , and support for tax card transactions . The VivaPayments API allows developers to integrate the service with their e-commerce websites via REST calls . The three functions that must be integrated for VivaPayments to work are the abilities to create payment orders , complete payment details , and confirm transactions .
 Feathercoin is a crypto currency similar to others that provide users access to an unregulated market place where savings can be achieved . The Feathercoin API allows users to make calls to get information about the current mining specs , blocks , difficulty , and reward . Users can also make queries to get current exchange rates between feathercoin , fiat currencies , and other crypto currencies . The API uses REST calls and returns JSON .
 Datafeedr is a system that enables users to create and embed affiliate shops into word press blogs . The Datafeedr API allows users to access sales feed information on over 250,000,000 products and 10,000 merchants to build custom shops as part of an affiliate network . An account is required with service . The API returns JSON formatted data .
 The UberGlobal Payment Gateway provides a REST API for the integration of UberGlobal Payment services into third-party application . API methods include Purchases , Tokenization , and Refunds . Responses are returned in JSON and authentication is provided via HTTP Basic Authentication .
 Paysius is a bitcoin payment service that allows customers to use bitcoins to pay merchants . The service offers zero risk of chargeback or payment reversal of any kind due to the use of bitcoin . The Paysius API uses REST calls and returns JSON . The API allows users to make queries to get new bitcoin addresses , send bitcoins , get bitcoin balances . An account is required with service , and an API key is used for authentication
 Penny Currency is a universal electronic payment system that allows customers to make purchases , pay bills , send and receive money payments online . Penny Currency provides a REST API that returns JSON or XML , that enable developers to build custom applications , tools , and services that integrate Penny Currency's functions , as well as automate payment systems . An account is required with service .
 RedPass is an affiliate payment service that provides payment , debit , and credit card services for web sites and businesses to pay affiliate marketers around the world . The RedPAss API uses REST calls and allows users to make a number of calls including peer-to-peer transfers , account signup , debug , e-wallet balance , e-wallet statements , sandbox calls , SCI payment , user match , and other calls . An account is required with service .
 InterSwitch is an integrated payment and transaction processing company based out of Nigeria . InterSwitch provides advisory services , technology integration , transaction processing and payment infrastructure to government , banks and corporate organizations .
 InterSwitch Connect is a payment platform for developers and merchants . The platform aims to make it easy for developers to get started with integration and provides tools for creating payment related products and solutions . The InterSwitch Connect platform offers REST APIs for their QuickPAY , Autopay and Loyalty services . The QuickTeller API allows Merchants to make payment on the QuickTeller platform and is available Interswitch Partners . The Autopay service enables mass payments to multiple recipients or beneficiaries . The loyalty API enables consumers to track and manage Reward Money balances and transactions .
 BitcoinMonitor is a Bitcoin payment solution that doesn't require access to Bitcoin wallets but only facilitates transactions from payer to payee . The BitcoinMonitor API allows users to access several resources on the BitcoinMonitor site including agent resources , address resources , and notification resources . The API uses REST calls , returns JSON , and is free to use .
 SecurePayTech provides businesses with an online payment gateway for authorizing and processing credit card transactions . It also comes with a reporting service that can provide information on both individual transactions and trends over time . Users can access the payment gateway programmatically using either REST or SOAP methods . Sample code is available for PHP , ColdFusion , and ASP.NET .
 SegPay is a billing platform for handling credit cards , checks , and European direct debit authorizations . The platform comes with marketing tools , sales reporting , automated password management , and an online web interface . It can provide payment portals in multiple languages and accept a variety of currencies . Many of SegPay's functions are accessible programmatically via SOAP calls .
 Billogram is cloud based invoicing service that allows small businesses to easily keep track of their cash flow . The service provides real time information about incoming payments as well as the status of invoices .
 Jumpseller is a hosted service for creating and managing professional online stores without any technical knowledge . Jumpseller provides a gallery of themes that are compatible with many different kinds of devices . Users also have the option of creating a custom theme or simply embedding Jumpseller within their current website . Jumpseller supports a wide range of payment methods including PayPal , credit cards , bank transfers , and more . Users can alter their websites' and payment gateways' language , currency , shipping cost , and taxes by country or region .
 BeansBooks is a cloud-based accounting service for small and medium sized businesses . The service tracks financial data and progress to make report creation and generations easier . The service also facilitates year end reporting and tax preparation . The BeansBooks API allows users to source entries and vendor information from other related applications . The API can also automate accounting tasks like account creations . The API includes calls for getting account , customer , tax , setup , and vendor information . The services uses REST calls and returns JSON . An API key is required for access .
 Verifone is a global technology provider for electronic payment and point-of-sale services . The company provides services to the financial , retail , hospitality , government , petroleum and other industries .
 Paysera is an online payment service that allows users to send money , make an online payment , receive money or set up a merchant account . Developers can use Paysera's Wallet API To get information about the Paysera system's users and their accounts and to make payments between Paysera accounts including sending , receiving and coordinating payments . The API is based on REST principles and request content is provided in JSON .
 EgoPay is an e-currency that can be used to pay for goods and services online without having to provide sensitive credit card or bank details . Users can sign up for EgoPay for free without providing any personal information . The EgoPay API allows users to automatically send payments , get information on incoming and outgoing payments , obtain a history of transactions performed , or retrieve information about EgoPay accounts .
 Instamojo is a simple payment system that lets users sell digital creations directly to customers simply by sharing a link . Instamojo provides an out-of-the-box e-commerce framework and takes care of all of the details , from payment to delivery . All the user needs to do is share their link with an audience .
 Birdback is an app platform for payment cards providing a card-linked loyalty solution for financial institutions and the development opportunity for apps that consumers can add to their payment cards to be executed at the point of sale . Potential uses could include digital receipt generation , social network check-ins , or rewards . Birdback access is through a RESTful API supporting the development of card-linked applications .
 FastSpring is a complete , cloud-based e-commerce solution for selling digital products worldwide . It provides users with mobile-compatible order pages that can be customized for their brand . Its payment system offers customers a wide variety of payment options and is capable of handling subscriptions , refunds , in-app purchasing , and international tax collection . FastSpring provides download-file hosting for the user's digital products as well as DRM support .
 FastSpring can help users manage reseller partners and multiple stores . They also provide consultations in the areas of SEO , affiliate programs , and online marketing . Analytics services , A / B split testing , and a pre-launch testing environment are provided to help users optimize their order pages . Customer surveys are supported as well .
 Paytrail is a Finnish online payment service that aims to help companies provide a pleasant shopping experience for their customers . The service allows customers to make purchases using their preferred payment method whether it is online bank payments , card payments , invoicing , or installments . Paytrail also offers an account for consumers that allows them to use one login for all their online purchases . The Paytrail Connect REST API offers programmatic access to Paytrail services . An account with service is required .
 Simple Legal is a legal billing and payment service . In addition to sending legal bills and receiving payments , Simple Legal also scans bills for potential duplicate charges and fraudulent charges and alerts the customer .
 App55 offers a restful API for access to their payment services . Use the API to send requests to the App55 platform in order to manage users , manage cards , and perform transactions . Responses are returned in JSON or JSONP . Authentication is via API key .
 Inputs.io is a secure payment service that allows users to store use Bitcoins for payment . The service uses two factor authentication for security and is designed to enable users to get a wallet and start utilizing it with speed and ease . The Inputs.io API uses REST calls , returns JSON , and allows users to get balances , get last transactions , send transactions , get transaction details , sign and verify messages , and generate / redeem vouchers . An account is required with service .
 PassVerse provides for generating and updating passes for Apple's Passbook . PassVerse allows developers to create and manage passes , tickets , coupons , and more for Passbook .
 Shopgate provides mobile shopping solutions for commerce , providing merchants with tools to create mobile shopping websites and connecting shoppers to thousands of shopping apps with a single registration .
 The Shopgate Merchant API provides a developer interface enabling orders and items to be manage automatically . Supported functions include order list retrieval with filtering , order details retrieval , and item or category manipulation . The API accepts HTTPS POST calls and returns JSON formatted responses
 The CoinJar Exchange Trading API enables developers to manage accounts , orders , and trades from third-party applications . CoinJar is a cryptocurrency wallet that supports Bitcoin , Litecoin , Ripple , Ethereum , and more . It can be used to send , receive , and store cryptocurrencies . The CoinJar Exchange Trading API uses RESTful calls over SSL and supports JSON requests and responses .
 FirstACH is a business and eCommerce payment solution . FirstACH can be integrated with business and account management software and applications to make and receive payments .
 Envoy Services is a global payment gateway that provides access to over 200 local payment services . Envoy users can accept payments using services like eWallets , real-time bank transfers , vouchers , and prepaid cards . The Envoy payment gateway can be customized to suit the user's brand . Envoy Services also comes with fraud screening services to help protect merchants from fraudulent activity . The Merchants API provides Envoy users with access to their payment portals via SOAP calls .
 Bitcoin-Contact is a site that lets users receive and send messages to Bitcoin Addresses . They aim to all Bitcoin owners to validate the identity of those they are speaking / exchanging with , and simplify otherwise anonymous communication . The Bitcoin-Contact API allows users to make queries that return Bitcoin addresses associated with an email address , and return public information on identities associated with a Bitcoin address .
 PikaPay is a mobile virtual wallet for sending and receiving Bitcoin payments via Twitter . The PikaPay API provides a RESTful interface for the same wallet functionality as exposed through the PikaPay web interface . The API currently supports payments and payment requests , user details requests , and account setting management . More resources are under construction . All calls require HTTPS .
 CoinCard is a service that allows users to submit Bitcoins and receive giftcards in return . The CoinCard API can convert Bitcoins into giftcards and allows users to structure requests to include the type of giftcard , the card amount , the currency to put the card in , the email to send the giftcard to , and a test run . The API uses REST calls and returns JSON .
 PayNetEasy is a payment service that handles payment processing , payment management , fraud prevention , security analysis , and mobile payment . The service is targeted towards banks , credit card companies , loyalty card operators , and other payment services . The PayNetEasy API allows users to complete Bitcoin transactions . The API can return the transaction type , status , bitcoin address , paynet order id , merchant order id , and several other calls . The service uses REST calls and uses SSL for authentication .
 LitePay-App is a web payment service that handles payment for merchants utilizing litecoins . The service takes orders , issues a litecoin pay address to the customer to use , and confirms payment to the merchant . The Litepay-App API allows users to request a litecoin address and confirm a payment . The service uses REST calls , returns JSON , and uses Access Tokens for authentication .
 Unocoin aims to be a centralized location for all Bitcoin information . It provides lists of forums , news , mining technology , Bitcoin wallets , and other information . The The Unocoin API allows users to display payment instructions on a merchant site , receive notification with payment and status , submit an order in over 30 currencies , and receive payouts to bank accounts in 9 countries . The API is based on JSON , an account is required with service .
 CatLab Interactive is a computer game and browser based game development community . The CatLab Bitcoin Gateway is a user interface designed to ease the bitcoin transfer process . The service uses an API key , returns JSON , and cost 1 % of transferred amount , plus a transaction fee . Instead of a pop up or third party service , users are able to type in the address to send the Bitcoin to , and the rest is done on the backend .
 BitMyMoney is a Netherlands based payment service that allows users to accept and make payments in Bitcoins as well as hold their Bitcoin investments securely offline . The BitMyMoney API allows users to make call to get the Bitcoin exchange rate for current Euro transactions , start a transaction , see a payment page , check a transaction status , and make other payment related calls . The service uses REST calls and returns JSON or JSONP . An account is required with service , and SSL is used for security .
 Pin Payments is a multi-currency payment system that accepts payment from an Visa or MasterCard debit or credit card both locally and internationally . The service operates without requiring a merchant account or an extensive process for application . The Pin Payments API uses REST calls and returns JSON . SSL is required for use , and a unique API key is required for each service endpoint .
 MangoPay is a full-stack payment platform for accepting online payments and managing e-money . It gives users the ability to create e-wallets , transfer money between e-wallets , allow group payments , hold escrow funds , and collect fees in a variety of ways . MangoPay provides advanced payment features such as recurring payments , single-click payments , and refunds on cards . The platform accepts payments from more than 150 countries in the local currencies . MangoPay's functions can be accessed programmatically via REST API .
 Ribbon is an online retail platform that enables its users to sell all kinds of goods and services , both physical and digital . After creating an account and adding their products , sellers receive a unique link to each product that can be shared anywhere , including social media sites . Customers can click on the link and make purchases without having to leave what they were doing before . Ribbon comes with fully-encrypted , secure payment infrastructure for processing debit and credit cards . The Ribbon API allows its users to add and retrieve product information as well as get order information .
 Fusebill is an online platform for billing , payments , and subscription plans for recurring payments . Fusebill offers automation for invoicing and receiving payments .
 CompraFÃ ¡ cil provides a payment platform that allows any member company ( Partner ) to generate Referrals for payments with a debit card , online banking , or by cash . By issuing calls through CompraFÃ ¡ cil's SOAP API , users can save purchase information , get information about orders placed , and find out the current status of an order . The CompraFÃ ¡ cil website is provided solely in Portuguese .
 SecureTrading is a UK based online secure payment service that processes billions of dollars annually . The SecureTrading API allows users to automate refunds and authorization reversals and control settlement schedules . Users can also integrate a payment service into back-office or legacy system . The API uses REST protocols and returns XML .
 Rixty is an alternative payment system that uses cash and coins rather than a credit card or other payment method that could expose sensitive information online . Users can convert their cash to digital currency in the form of a code at any of 75,000 stores in the US or nearly 500,000 locations worldwide . They can then spend that money on multiplayer online games , casual games , virtual worlds , and all types of digital content simply by redeeming the received code . Codes can also be redeemed on a publisher's website by using the Rixty payment API .
 Astutepayroll.com handles the payroll and timekeeping for businesses around the world , and offers a 99.9 % uptime guarantee . The astutepayroll.com API can be used to integrate the astutepayroll.com application with third-party applications and data . The API also provide mechanisms that enable the user to customize the astutepayroll.com user interface with custom components and validations . An account is required with service . Documentation is not publicly available .
 PaymentEvolution is a secure online payroll service aimed at small and mid-sized businesses in Canada . The PaymentEvolution Payroll API supports calculations from simple federal / provincial deductions through to more complex custom benefits and earnings . Common API requests include simple deduction calculations based on current tax tables-users can input a standard set of variables to receive the calculated result , custom deductions , benefits and earnings-to extend the API to include any number of custom calculations . An account is required with service .
 KeyPay is a cloud-based payroll and accounting service for Australian employers . The service allows users to make automate simple functions , allows them the flexibility to configure the system , and integrate the services with other applications . The KeyPay YourPayroll API allows users to query for a list of businesses , locations , work types , employees , time sheets , pay categories , and other payroll information . The API uses REST calls and returns JSON . An account is required with service and authentication is preformed using SSL and API keys .
 Yandex.Money is an online payment system allowing merchants and customers to sell and purchase goods and services . The Yandex.Money API provides a developer interface for automating manipulation of Yandex.Money accounts . Exposed resources include payment , payment history analysis , and transaction history synchronization .
 The service provides financial functions and account management for applications used by customers to interact with the French bank . Functionality helps developers to register with the provider's CAS Store repository to display applications for smartphones and allow users to install them on their own devices . The service allows developers to implement credit card account management and other banking functions .
 The service provides payment management for e-commerce and other merchants in Norway . The provider offers both hosted white-label checkout pages and full integration via a RESTful API . Payment processing can resolve through either the Visa or MasterCard networks .
 The service provides online payment processing for e-commerce vendors and integration with other applications . It aims to ensure PCI compliance with options for transparent redirects , white-label hosted checkout functions , or API integration . Payment options include credit and debit cards as well as automated clearinhouse ( ACH ) transfers .
 mPAY24 also provides an intelligent transaction management and reporting tool that simplifies the validation , recording , and administration of all transactions processed through mPAY24 . The entire system is easily integrated into most online shops and e-commerce systems using the mPAY24 SOAP API .
 The mPAY24 website and documentation are provided in English , German , Hungarian , and Slovak .
 The PCI-compliant service provides online payment processing to merchants across Europe and South Africa via several different methods suited to different sets of needs and merchant capabilities . Methods range from payment buttons directing buyers to the provider's interface through white-label options to full API integration of credit and debit card processing . Available payment options support subscription payments with recurring invoicing and highly secure options with fraud prevention .
 Webteh is Croatian based ISO / MSP / PSP registered and licensed for differnet banks in Croatia , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Montenegro with presence in UK for EU based Merchants ( Webteh LTD ) and USA ( Webteh Inc. ) for USA based Merchants . The company provides WebPay , a PCI-compliant , secure payment processing via a white-label hosted interface or full integration based on its REST API . Transactions are resolved through global payment networks such as Visa and MasterCard / Maestro using registered merchant accounts and buyer profiles . Available services include transaction status inquiries , refunds , and scheduled installment payments .
 The service provides payment functionality within the Philippines without processing through debit and credit card accounts . It routes secure payment transactions through funds transfers via that nation's bank network , merchants like convenience stores and pawnshops , and bill payment services . It is intended to provide secure payment processing for market segments that are not dependent on credit cards .
 API methods support submission of transaction details such as seller , product purchased , and payment amount along with buyer information including payment account details . The API processes payments and returns confirmation of the transaction status . Methods also support transaction status inquiries , payment cancellation , and retrieval of billing information .
 The service from Germany provides payment processing for small amounts of money , especially suited to fees for software downloads , content access , and other inexpensive online services . It consolidates functions for conventional debit and credit card charges as well as payments triggered by phone calls or other interactions with mobile devices along with selective disbursement of prepaid account balances . Sellers register accounts with the service , but buyers need not create accounts to submit payments .
 The PayWay REST API is a simple , secure , internet-based solution to collect and manage customer payments . The PayWay Net module allows you to ; Create a check-out or donations page and process one-time credit card payments , Maintain full control over the customer experience and styling , Store credit card and bank account details in the PayWay Customer Vault , Take payments using the stored details individually or using a file , Open virtual accounts for customers who pay you by direct debit / pay anyone , Process a file of credit card payments , Download reports indicating which payments were approved or declined , Download a machine readable file listing all received payments for a day and more . PayWay supports direct debit , credit card , BPAY and Australia “ Post ” payments , that enables customers to pay over the counter , online or over the phone .
 SeQR Pay provides a new way to purchase products . The basic concept is that products , product packaging , and advertisements have unique SeQR Pay QR codes on them so that anyone may scan that QR code and purchase the product using the SeQR Pay app . As a results , users no longer need to go to a store or website to make purchases . The user's payment information and shipping address are stored on SeQR Pay's secure server and only needs to be entered once .
 The service headquartered in the UK provides payment processing for e-commerce transactions and other online exchanges . It can verify validity and credit limits for credit and debit cards , then complete real-time payment and transfer funds to the seller's account . Payment options include Visa , MasterCard / Maestro , and Paypal .
 API methods support secure , real time payment processing . Methods handle pre-authorization for credit and debit card number and transaction amount , providing an authorization code for use in completing payment . Methods also clear payments through the card provider's system and return confirmation of the funds transfer to both buyer and seller .
 The service provides online shopping cart services to be integrated with web pages either via Javascript or via REST web service requests . Implementation options include linking to white-label pages on the provider's site and processing cart updates and payment requests via API calls . Functions include add to cart , view and update existing cart items , remove items , and process credit card payments .
 API methods support adding a product to the buyer's shopping cart with specified quantity and product options then completing credit card prequalification and final payment . Methods also allow review of pending cart items and updating the cart . The API allows retrieval of shipping data and processing of return authorizations and refunds to the purchaser's credit card .
 The service provides payment processing for e-commerce and other online transactions within Australia . It works through Australian banks to verify customer accounts and availability of funds , then completes credit card processing to transfer funds to a seller . Batching functions retry transactions that fail initially due to problems with a bank's processing system . Because it remains independent of banks , sellers can change banking relationships without reconfiguring online payment functionality .
 API methods support payment submission using popular credit cards Visa , MasterCard , American Express , and Diners Club , among others . Methods interact with issuing banks to pre-authorize cards and verify available account balances , then obtain buyer confirmation and complete payment processing . The API also handles refunds for cancelled or returned purchases .
 MYSuite is an electronic billing service for companies that do business in Mexico , especially independent , small , and medium companies . MYSuite is also an authorized provider of Digital Online Tax Receipts ( CFDI ) . As a result , customers can use MYSuite to generate , deliver , receive , and store bills in a manner that complies with Mexican laws regarding online billing . MYSuite's functions can be accessed programmatically via SOAP API .
 Facturar en LÃ­nea ( FEL ) provides Mexican companies with electronic billing services . These services adhere to Mexico's legal requirements regarding the use of CFDIs in online billing . CFDI stands for Comprobantes Fiscales Digitales por Internet ( trans . Digital Online Tax Receipts ) . The Remote Connection API provides programmatic access to FEL's billing services via SOAP calls issued in XML format . The FEL website is provided solely in Spanish .
 Kusinaatbp is an online database of Filipino recipes . It provides recipes for traditional Filipino and Filipinized dishes ranging from the very popular to the very unique .
 The Kusinaatbp website also provides a Market Place where people can advertise items they wish to sell or buy . Kusinaatbp uses the PayPlus software to enable people to make purchases through the website . This implementation comes with an API that allows people to make purchases programmatically via SOAP calls .
 The service provides online payments via direct interaction with the buyer's bank to order a payment and the merchant's bank to deliver the payment . A seller application provides for product selection and purchase , then hands off the transaction to the payment service . It establishes contact with the buyer's bank on the buyer's behalf and submits a payment request URL . It then generates a credit URL for the seller's bank to complete transfer of the funds .
 API methods support listing of banks that interact with the service , allowing an application to let the buyer choose . Methods then generate the payment request in the format accepted by the chosen bank and the confirmation notice to the seller's bank . " Nudge " methods provide updates to the buyer and seller upon completion of the transaction .
 Zeevex is a virtual currency sold on gift cards in retailers across the USA , and designed to be used for online games and other digital content . The Zeevex Game Wallet provides a RESTful interface for merchants to interact directly with purchase requests .
 Tejarat Bank offers online payment services through its Payment Gateway . Users can designate up to 5 accounts from which they would like to withdraw funds for transfer operations . The accounts receiving funds ( remittance accounts ) may belong to the user or to others . The Payment Gateway can be accessed programmatically using a SOAP API . The maximum transferable amount is currently 20,000,000 Iranian rial per working day . The website is provided in Persian with translations available in English , French , and German .
 cashU is an online payment service provider that focuses on serving the Middle East and North Africa . They provide global and regional online merchants with a suite of payment solutions designed to cater to the local culture and to Arabic online buying habits . Today , cashU serves online shoppers in all Arabic-speaking and surrounding countries , giving people the opportunity to buy online regardless of age , income , nationality , or banking contacts .
 The service provides secure online payments for e-commerce and other online transactions via websites and mobile apps . A buyer establishes a confirmed account balance with the service prior to making the purchase and receives a voucher with a personal 16-digit PIN . The buyer can then enter the PIN to complete the purchase and release funds to the seller . The exchange is completed without entering personal data and storing it on a device or releasing it to the seller .
 API methods support identifying a specific customer account with the payment service and submitting a current purchase transaction for payment against the account . Methods also support customer authorization of the payment and processing the transaction through release of funds to the seller . The API provides for notification of transaction completion to both buyer and seller .
 Clearhaus is an emerging European payment transaction provider . The Clearhaus Gateway API provides a RESTful interface for processing transactions . Endpoints are discoverable directly through the API , with supported calls including , debits , credits , and much more .
 Clearhaus is an emerging European payment transaction provider . The Clearhaus Resolve API provides resource discoverability services including chargebacks , data uploads , and retrieval requests . Endpoints are discoverable directly through the API .
 Chase Paymentech is an online payment system that provides credit card processing and online merchant services . They specialize in Card-Not-Present ( CNP ) payments for businesses of all sizes . For companies that sell abroad , they offer customized international processing solutions and guidance on accepting credit card payments overseas . For small or growing merchants , they can provide assistance with the payment process and help plan for expansion .
 Barzahlen is a german based payment system that allows users to shop online , select Barzahlen as a payment method , print out a purchase form or receive a purchase form by SMS , then pay in person at a Barzahlen partner store . This approach aims to make online shopping more secure by allowing online selection , but in person payment . The Barzahlen API is available to allow users to integrate online shops with the Barzahlen payment system and includes merchandise management and back-end systems . The API is a JSON-based REST interface .
 Wirecard is an online payment processing solution that offers , personal , prepaid , wireless , and corporate payment services . The Wirecard API is offered as an option for integration in it's e-commerce payment processing service . The API allows users to accept and deliver payments , process returns , offer subscription payment systems , and other functions . The Wirecard API is a REST-based interface .
 Bitpay is an online payment service that uses bitcoins . Users can submit orders in over 30 currencies , display payment instructions , receive payment notifications , and receive payouts to banks in 9 countries . The BitPay API allows users to create an invoice , fetch an invoice status , and receive invoice status updates . The service uses REST calls and will return JSON . SSL and an API keys are used for authentication .
 The Russian-language service provides online payment processing for e-commerce and other exchanges . It frees a seller to handle all aspects of product display and merchandising then interface with the web service to complete payment transfer and conclude a transaction . In addition to balance transfers , the service provides status messages at each stage to move a buyer through the purchase process .
 Yootles is a group prediction and decision making mechanism that also includes a system for establishing social IOUs . Yootles uses a REST-style API to allows users to integrate the IOU service into other applications and make calls remotely to send , update , and track IOUs between users . An account is required with service , and an API Key must be obtained to use the API .
 EasyACH is a payment processing service that allows users to accept payments from customers using bank accounts and cease the use of paper checks . The EasyACH Paycenter API enables users to add , edit , and view bank accounts , add cancel and view subscriptions for re-occurring payments , star debits , credits , cancel transactions , refund payments and perform various other functions . The API uses REST calls and returns XML .
 The service provides payment functionality based on an escrow system in which funds are held for distribution when terms of sale are completed , as when a product is delivered . It provides tools for stating and revising offer terms until both parties agree , then it accepts and holds payment until the party paying agrees to release the funds . The neutral third party helps to ensure agreement on terms and fulfillment of both delivery and payment , which encourages trust between parties unfamiliar to one another .
 The Payments APIs are a suite of APIs that give developers access to the payment functionalities of Mollie . These include iDEAL payments , integrating paysafecard functionality into a website , phone based micropayments and more . The APIs uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML . The site and documentation are in Dutch .
 The service headquartered in Thailand provides for online payments by credit card through familiar networks such as Paypal , MasterCard , Visa , and others . It enables e-commerce and online business overall by quickly and securely processing payments . Sample code is available for PHP / MySQL and . NET environments .
 The Postcode Everywhere API provided by AFD Software enables developers to look up addresses and banking information programmatically . API calls enable users to search for addresses based on a free-text search string , some or all fields of the address , or a postcode . Additional calls are provided for validating bank account or credit card details , looking up bank details , and searching for banks matching certain parameters . These services are accessible using SOAP calls issued in XML format .
 Batchex is an online payment solutions provider . They offer sellers , retailers , and other businesses tools for streamlined billing processes . Their payment distribution service allows users to upload payout data and set up billing schedules . Batchex will interpret the data and send payments as checks or electronically . Batchex will also provide reports on payment statuses and processing . The Batchex API exposes uploading functionality that allows users to load up payout reports and data .
 The service , based in Sweden , provides services for mobile devices including messaging and online payments via all mobile operator networks . It enables both SMS text messaging and MMS multimedia messaging for Swedish recipients , with options for interactive surveys . A mobile publishing service provides display pages for online marketing campaigns and shopping services for e-commerce , with payment processing via credit card .
 API methods support sending SMS and MMS messages , both to individual recipients and to subscriber lists , and receiving responses . Methods also support mobile payment for online content and purchases via the shopping service . The API generates statistics logging system traffic and provides detailed reporting capabilities .
 The MasterCard rePower API provides consumers with a convenient way to add funds to their eligible MasterCard ® , Maestro ® , or non-branded payment account ( e.g. Debit , Prepaid ) at thousands of participating retailers . The rePower network offers a way for issuers to extend cash load capabilities for their card programs , use existing MasterCard processing and transaction codes to make participation easier , and supports standard next-day settlement of funds . The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML .
 The Lost-Stolen Account List API helps users manage their risk by providing a list of lost / stolen account numbers . This lets ecommerce providers to validate accounts against known accounts that have been reported as lost or stolen . The API returns account status along with a reason for an account being listed . It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML .
 USA ePay provides an API to make its services available programmatically for integration with other software and services . The API functions using SOAP calls issued in XML format .
 OKPAY is a payment service designed for use by online businesses , including merchants , financial institutions , online games , software providers , payout projects , and freelancers . It can be used to make all kinds of payments as well as to send or receive money . International bank transfers and online currency exchanges are supported , along with ten different e-currencies .
 OKPAY provides SOAP APIs that enable developers to build custom applications , tools , and services that integrate OKPAY's functions . Typical applications may include searching for transactions , paying en masse , and making refunds .
 Allied Wallet provides global e-commerce merchant services and payment processing solutions . Allied Walletâ € ™ s series of APIs allow customers to automate online payment processing , process transactions , and more .
 The Clay.io API allows developers to enhance their HTML5 games with features like leaderboards , achievements , data storage , payment processing , social integration and more . The emphasis of the API is its payment features , giving developers the option to require payment for game access or free game access . Clay.io offers a javascript installation and responses are formatted in JSON .
 PayGround's Express Checkout is a remote payment service that operates through PayGround's Mobile Payment system . It is designed to allow consumers to complete transactions quickly , using only their mobile number . Customers input their mobile phone number at the merchantÂ ´s checkout where the Express Checkout service is offered . PayGround then matches the mobile phone number with the customer's social security number , address , credit check , etc. using a series of look-ups . The customer chooses whether they would like to receive an invoice or to charge a debit or credit card . Thus , the payment does not end up on the usual mobile operator bill .
 The Express Checkout system is integrated into the developer's online checkout process using SOAP or REST APIs . Although parts of the PayGround website are offered in English , much of the API documentation is provided exclusively in Swedish .
 PAYMILL ’s developer friendly REST API lets you accept credit and debit card payments directly in your website and mobile application . Available across Europe , online businesses are able to accept online payments globally , enabling them to scale internationally from the get-go . The API gives you full control of your checkout so you can deliver a user experience optimised for higher conversions . And with heavy-duty security measures already built-in – you can rest easy knowing your data secured .
 The Adyen REST API returns payments data supporting JSON and URI Query String / CRUD formats and can be authenticated by API Key .
 Adyen provides hosted payment pages for merchants . Their solution supports multiple currencies and accepts over 100 payment methods across Europe , USA , Asia , and Latin America . Some of the functionality of the service includes one-click payments , single screen payment pages , and A / B testing of payment pages .
 The SOAP based API features returns in XML and allows third party applications access and the ability to manipulate invoice data stored within Bilbus as well as customer information . Calls include : Create / Update customer . Fetch customer ( according to filter setting ) , Create / Update invoice . Fetch invoice ( according to filter setting )
 The service , headquartered in Vietnam , provides a check for fraud in a pending e-commerce transaction and returns results including a recommendation to proceed with the transaction or close it out uncompleted . It analyzes information about the purchaser , including billing and shipping addresses , in comparison to IP address , bank identification number , and other variables . A component for IP-to-location helps to verify consistency of information provided by the purchaser .
 API methods support fraud analysis for a transaction based on submitted customer email , phone , and shipping and billing addresses , as well as IP address and bank identification number of the payment card . Methods can return results of the fraud check with a recommendation to complete or block the transaction . Options include verifying the phone number and bank identification number and matching IP address to the purchaser's location .
 The PayBy.Me API supports GET HTTP methods that return mobile payments platform features . Businesses can set up plans that allow their customers to pay by mobile or home telephone . Samples available in . NET and PHP languages .
 The service provides financial management tools across all functions of a financial institution via a software-as-a-service ( SaaS ) platform . In addition to basic transaction processing , including micropayments , and lending , it allows for customer account creation , updating , and reporting . The service can interact with retailers for point-of-sale ( POS ) processing and other external services such as credit scoring agencies .
 Developers using the API can manage their storefront , monitor and control order fulfillments , and receive event notifications through a REST interface in a JSON format . The API fully supports OAUTH2 and allows developers to create useful third-party apps for Storenvy merchants . Utilizing the storeâ € ™ s API key , developers can also connect directly with their own store and augment its functionality .
 The Mpulse website is provided in both French and English .
 RestFul Web Services provides a suite of financial APIs for performing a variety of tasks . This includes retrieving information on stock quotes , currency conversion rates , or the London Gold Fix ( the price of gold on the London market ) . The FedACH Service provides financial institutions with batched payment services that enable an electronic exchange of debit and credit through the Automated Clearing House ( ACH ) network .
 FileCopter is a free file hosting service that also pays users when other people download the users uploaded files . When a file is uploaded , a download link is generated and the owner of the files will receive $ 20 for every 10,000 downloads of the file . The FileCopter API uses REST calls to get file information or upload files directly to the server . An API key is required to access the API interface .
 The service provides processing of payments via credit cards , debit cards , and automated clearinghouse ( ACH ) collection on checks . It provides pre-authorization and final payment for online applications in each payment option . Additional payment options include EBT and gift cards . The service can also handle refunds , transaction updates , and related corrections to posted payments .
 The service from Iceland provides PCI-compliant processing of online payments via credit cards and debit cards , with CVV validation . It allows pre-authorization of transactions and final payment processing , including funds capture . It also allows processing of refunds and updating or voiding transactions .
 The service provides payments for corporate and organizational payables to both local and global vendors via 135 banking relationships . Payment recipients have flexible options for transferring funds to their own bank accounts or to other destinations : a credit card , a specified account with another organization or even back to the payer to cover balances owed . The service also gives access to international merchant credit cards .
 The Paydiant B2B Customer Care API returns JSON data with payment features to integrate into POS applications and mobile applications . The API allows developers to create a site that can access the Paydiant platform through its B2B Gateway . All communication , regardless of transport , needs to run over a TLS encrypted HTTPS session .
 The service from Australia Post provides credit card processing for e-commerce transactions and bill payments . It handles debit card payments , as well , with integration options based on white-label service and embedded iframes , in addition to API access .
 VK is a popular European social networking website . The VK Payments API it offers provides a means of connecting applications and external internet stores to the VK payment system . This allows buyers to pay for items and services in an internet store from their personal VK account . One unique feature of the VK payment system is that it allows users to chip in together on purchases with their friends .
 The SortMyBooks API allows users to either access and use their SortMyBooks account , or integrate the service into their other applications . The API comes in both a SOAP and JSON protocol , and returns in JSON or HTML . The documentation includes a PHP application that demonstrates the API integration , full documentation is available with log in .
 The service provides processing of payments related to e-commerce and online shopping activities . Functions available via the web and mobile devices include electronic invoicing , bill payment , and virtual terminal for processing payments by phone . The service can also process payments via Facebook and Paypal .
 API methods support creation of invoices , either individually or on a recurring , scheduled basis . Methods can resolve payments via credit card , debit card , or automated clearinghouse ( ACH ) processes . Methods provide for management of customer / payor and recipient accounts , with regular reporting of transaction amounts and other details .
 The service helps not-for-profit organizations to manage fund-raising campaigns and donations , including ongoing relationships with donors and other sources of funding . It provides coordinated interactions via websites , social media outlets , and mobile devices to simplify accepting money whenever and however it is offered .
 The API supports queries against information about the not-for- profit's account , fund-raising campaigns , and donations received . Methods support tracking of communications with and contributions from donors over time . Methods also support interaction with the organization's bank account to aid processing of payments .
 SubscriptionBridge is a subscription management system provided by Early Impact , an ecommerce solutions business . SubscriptionBridge combines automated recurring billing with account management functions . The account management functions allow online retailers to communicate with their customers , adjust or customize customersâ € ™ subscription plans , and more . They offer an API to integrate SubscriptionBridge with other web tools for merchants , such as checkout , shopping carts , and notification systems . It is a RESTful API and returns XML-formatted data .
 BoxBilling is a payment management system for services and products like software licenses , web hosting , and downloadable products . It allows merchants to manage clients and their payment schedules . Merchants can monitor and automate invoicing from an administrators dashboard and set up multiple payment gateways . BoxBilling offers APIs for Guest-based services , Clients , and Admins . They are all RESTful APIs that return JSON-formatted data .
 Payson is an online payment service that allows you to shop or receive payment using it . The Payson API operates through HTTP Post calls and returns confirmation tokens to verify transactions . The API has full documentation of sample calls including code for building it into your system programming libraries C# and PHP . This site is in Swedish .
 Pin is an Australian payment system . They provide a simple API for transacting credit card payments . Users can retrieve patron information such as card number , expiry dates , addresses and more , by their email addresses . Pin also provides a web interface and a dashboard for visualizing and managing transactions . Pin is a REST-based API that returns JSON-formatted data .
 Geodrop is a platform for sending and receiving SMS messages as well as mobile payments . Users can send a bulk SMS message and receive them via a dedicated number . The API gives users the ability to send and receive messages , look up contact information , and make mobile payments . It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON . Some documentation is in Italian .
 The service provides payment processing for e-commerce serving Mexico , Argentina , Brazil , and Chile . Payments are denominated in any of the four local currencies . Implementation options include a white-label page to be formatted to match the base application , an iframe to embed the payment function in a local HTML page , or full API integration .
 API methods support submission of a payment request specifying currency , price , product purchased , purchaser , and any accompanying message . Payment is processed and a bar code image is returned to the requesting application .
 Payfirma is a payment solutions provider . Their products are intended for businesses to offer flexible payment options to their customers . These services support online vendors and physical locations and include solutions such as mobile point-of-sale systems , ecommerce payments , and billing . For developers with accounts , Payfirma provides XML standards-based APIs that expose customer data and ecommerce functionality . They also provide APIs to developers for integration with other or new services .
 ZooZ provides a quick and easy way to checkout and pay on mobile devices . With the multi-platform ZooZ SDK , mobile developers can easily integrate secure in-app payments with a few lines of code . After integration , app users are offered a true mobile wallet that is fast , easy to use and secure . ZooZ also aggregates various payment sources , such as credit cards and PayPal in one universal solution ( additional eWallets and carrier billing coming soon ) . User details are securely stored in a cloud environment and shared across supporting apps , resulting in higher conversion rates and a quicker checkout experience .
 API methods support secure submission of buyer and payment card information , with return of pre-authorization status . Methods can complete payment and support transaction confirmation messaging .
 VersaPay is an electronic checking and invoicing service . It offers a well-integrated package of automated payments methods , from payment requests to notification upon delivery . Users can send and accept e-payments , and electronically track all transactions . All of the data be exported or automated to notify users and recipients . Their API suite allows developers to integrate the payment request system , payment transfers , and notifications . Included APIs are : Fund Sources , Transactions , Debit Agreements , and Webhook . They are RESTful APIs that return JSON and XML formatted data .
 The service provides tools for managing balances of bitcoin virtual currency . It summarizes activity within the bitcoin network and provides statistics to guide an application's involvement in group effort to generate bitcoin , with the resulting balance shared among participants .
 API methods support summaries of statistics for worldwide bitcoin activity . Methods also provide statistics on the hash rate generated by network activity , the number of workers active in the network , the number of users , and the rounds of activity completed .
 ePayment provides University of British Columbia ( UBC ) departments with secure , real-time authorization and processing services for credit card and Interac Online payments . The ePayment API is suitable for merchants who have their own website or shopping cart and require online payment processing . ePayment will generate JVs for all authorized payments to record the purchases in UBC's Financial Management System ( FMS ) .
 The Visual DataFlex ElfProef API allows users to perform ElfProef tests . This is a CRC ( cyclic redundancy check ) technique used as a test in Dutch electronic payments to determine if a bank account number is valid . It does so by adding the given number's digits and dividing by 11 . Valid numbers will return an integer . This API can be accessed via SOAP calls using the XML data format .
 GiftRocket is gift card money transferring service . First , users buy their friends a gift card online and then GiftRocket sends the recipients money to redeem the present , by check , PayPal , or bank transfer . The API provides users access to gift card purchasing functionality . It is a RESTful API that responds in JSON . Access and an API key are granted by request .
 Currencycloud is a payments platform offering Cross Border Payments as a Service . The platform enables companies , regulated and unregulated , to fully automate currency receiving , conversion and payment across 140 currencies in 200 countries for their own needs or to enhance their services out to their customers . The platform takes care of the complexities of connecting to and finding the best exchange rates and connecting to and optimizing across the multitude of international payment networks . Currencycloud simplifies and lowers costs of cross currency transfers while delivering more control and reducing operational risk and overhead . Currencycloud API enables businesses to embed our capabilities within their own internal or client facing applications and services . For example , You may want to connect Currencycloud to your accounting software for effortless straight through processing of transaction data for yourself , or if an ERP or accounting solution provider , to deliver a value added service to your customers . Alternatively , as a online or mobile payments firm , you may want to lower the costs of your international payments service or add a new capability to deliver cross border payments .
 HostBill is a payment and invoice management service . Their services include automated billing , payment management , and client data tracking . The API provides registered users with access to their client , invoice , and services data in real-time through an HTML protocol . They also provide a free PHP HB wrapper that simplifies calls and stores usersâ € ™ API authentication details . The API is only available to users with installed HostBill accounts .
 The Visa Point-of-Sale ( POS ) Solutions Program gives participating payment technology providers access to Visaâ € ™ s financial transaction network . Through this API , users can code their POS systems to process credit payment transactions for Visa and supported cards such as , Discover and American Express . Visa will also provide a transaction-history document . The API uses XML format . Public documentation is not available and developers must register for access .
 The service provides storefront , shopping cart , checkout functions compliant with PCI and DSS specifications . A configurable feature set and display allow integration with other sites , and API integration allows application level interaction . Variable tax and shipping options are controlled for each account .
 The service provides order management for online purchases . It accepts submission of order information , then verifies product availability and buyer's credit status . Inventory management functions allow for reorders from prior purchases , immediate and deferred purchases , and related transactions that anticipate future availability .
 The Turkish service provides a single platform to collect payments via mobile devices , using either SMS text message , GSM messaging , or web . Payment functions handle transactions like physical products , website subscriptions , content payments , online games , online betting , movie and event ticketing , and more .
 API methods support registration of a vendor's SMS application and exchanging messages as well as registration and interactions with a web commerce application . The service processes the requested payment and returns a status message with confirmation or error notification .
 The service processes online payments , either one-time or recurring charges by credit card , debit card , or ACH charge against buyer bank account . It provides real-time authorization for payments processed . A token-based system for scheduled payments prevents the need to store card numbers or bank account data , maintaining PCI security compliance and preventing liability through data loss .
 Rogers is a leading provider of Wireless , Digital Cable TV , High Speed Internet and other mobile phone and data services throughout Canada . Catalyst is a third party developer program giving developers a space to build their products using Rogers' assets including SMS , LBS , and Carrier Billing APIs .
 The Chirpify API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Chirpify with other applications and to create new applications . Some example API methods include integrated eCommerce functionality into applications , receiving real-time payments over Twitter , and scheduling automatic Tweets . Public documentation is not available ; interested developers should sign up here http://chirpify.com/twitter_commerce/contact .
 Bango's service provides a platform for automated mobile billing and analytics . The Events Notification API allows users to find out real time information about payments , subscriptions and marketing opt-ins . Events are related to objects within the Bango system such as purchases made and marketing subscriptions and are described as an action on that object . The API uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in XML .
 GoCardless is a service that lets users accept online payments . Users can get paid directly from their customersâ € ™ bank accounts without the need for a merchant account and without credit card fees . The API gives developers access to the same functionality as the service . With the API users can create subscriptions , pre authorizations and bills . In addition they can read existing resources and create bills under an existing pre authorization . The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON .
 Paxum offers a secure ewallet payment service that lets users pay merchants and other users by transferring funds from banks . The Paxum Payment API gives developers the ability to implement direct payment processing . Integrating the API lets users accommodate various payment methods including prepaid cards , checks and wire transfers while working with a single provider to process and manage all online payments . The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML .
 Xsolla is a provider of localized in-game payment solutions specializing in MMO , social , mobile and casual games . The Xsolla platform provides access to over 150 payment options including credit and pre-paid cards , mobile payments , premium SMS , E-wallets , cash and e-cash , payment kiosks and offers . Xsolla also provides statistics such as RPU ( Revenue Per User ) and ARPPU ( Average Revenue Per Paying User ) that allow partners to analyze their players' habits and payment options used .
 Centili is a cloud based mobile payments service . Consumers can use Centili to charge their purchases of online products to their phone bill . The Centili API gives partners the ability to control and customize their payment process . The API can be used by independent developers , B2B Partners , commercial cloud solutions and vertical market specialists . API documentation is not publicly available but can be access to registered partners .
 UltraCart is an online shopping cart and e-commerce service , providing users with the functionality to connect their sites to UltraCart's hosted platform . The UltraCart platform can be hooked up to many facets of an e-commerce business ; in addition to checkout , their software integrates with payment processing , shopping carts , marketing management , shipping , and accounting systems .
 iPayDNA is a online payment service that provides credit card , debit card , and non-card payment processing services to online merchants . iPayDNA has a focus on international transactions , and supports a wide variety of currencies .
 ACHWorks provides payment technology that facilitates the processing of commercial transactions through the Automated Clearing House ( ACH ) Network . The ACHWorks SOAP API allows users to integrate the ACHWorks functionality with their existing software , regardless of what platform or programming language their systems use .
 The popular online payment giant PayPal provides a variety of API's that allow users to customize and automate how they interact with PayPal's system and customers . However , because of access and permissions issues , these API's can be limited in situations where those who are using the API are not the account owner .
 The PayPal Permissions API provides additional flexibility for PayPal users , allowing them to request and manage permissions for specific users to execute PayPal API operations on their behalf . These permissions provide a signature that a third party can use as authorization for PayPal API operations , and ensures that these actions can be distinguished from those of the actual account holder .
 The service provides a payment function based on " virtual currency " held by user accounts . It allows sellers to test buyer response to digital products and plans to support conversion of virtual payments from buyers into national currencies via ClickBank and other exchanges . Buyers monitor the service and provide feedback on its functions and products presented .
 This API is now EVO Snap . You can find it in the Programmableweb directory . PowerPay is a payment solutions provider for both eCommerce and point-of-sale scenarios . Solutions include credit card machines and terminals , merchant account credit card processing and more . The PowerPay API can be integrated with any existing software service , giving users the ability to accept all types of electronic transactions through a secure , web-based payment gateway . It provides functionality such as providing real-time shipping quotes , storing customer and transaction profiles , processing recurring payments and email receipts . The API uses HTTP Post calls .
 OptimalPayments is an online payment service that supports PCI-compliant worldwide merchant accounts for accepting major credit and debit cards , including Visa , MasterCard , and JCB . The service provides a secure , proprietary online payment gateway for processing payments and risk management services . Customized solutions are available for both large international businesses and government agencies . Methods support secure submission of card information , authorization , payment processing and confirmation , and payment cancellation . This profile is dedicated to the Classic NETBANX Web Services that involve SOAP , XML , and WSDL formats .
 Spree Commerce is an open source e-Commerce platform . Spree provides hosting and server solutions , as well as merchant accounts and payment platforms .
 SmartDebit provides direct debiting services for businesses and companies to accept debit payments on websites for bill payment , service payment , or for recurring product orders .
 Bottomline ( formerly Albany eVERIFY ) provides software for payment processing , bank account validation , direct debit collection and e-document delivery . The Bottomline Technologies PT-X API is a solution that offers accurate validation of bank accounts and sort code details by cross-checking this data against the Extended Industry Sort Code Directory ( EISCD ) . The API enables developers to embed the verification functionality into their existing accounts systems .
 BlueVia provides APIs that enable users to monetize their apps through revenue sharing business models . The Bluevia Payment API allows applications to charge for digital goods and have it billed to the customer's phone bill using a REST protocol and returns either XML or JSON .
 Neurotic Media provides technology-enabled marketing and distribution services for digital media including music , videos , and ringtones . Neurotic Media gives clients control over how they commercialize digital media using private-labeled stores and API services .
 Moneydirect , an Amadeus and Sabre joint venture , provides a multi-channel payment processing solution for the global travel and tourism industry . It is used by over 3000 agents and 1700 suppliers in Australia and New Zealand . The Moneydirect API provides programmatic access to the functionality of platform . The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML . Full documentation is available with registration .
 MPP Global Solutions are a provider of eCommerce payment platforms for the media and entertainment industries . The MPP system features can be accessed via a set of APIs . The MPP toolkit provides the following features :
 Invoicera is an online billing and invoicing software designed for simplicity and convenience while still providing the best invoicing features , including time tracking , invoicing and recurring invoicing , expense tracking , multiple language and currency support , and multiple payment options . Invoicera also provides an XML API for developers to use to integrate Invoicera services into other applications .
 The Braintree Client JavaScript API provides indirect access to the client service , please refer to the corresponding SDK below . Braintree's JavaScript client lets you accept payments while maintaining PCI compliance , from credit cards , PayPal , and many other payment methods . BrainTree offers online merchants a payment gateway to enable the processing of credit card payments . Additionally , merchants are offered a merchant account , recurring billing and credit card storage .
 FirstGiving provides donation processing for any of the 1.2 Million 501 ( c ) 3 non-profit organizations in the United States . The RESTful API provides access to the the company's directory of charities . Developers can create applications to encourage donations and , if they choose , developers can earn revenue from transaction fees .
 With a full suite of developer-centric resources including ; complete software development toolkits , APIs , sample code , sample applications , developer sandbox , and on-demand support , Vantiv Solution Builder provides business and technical resources to help Software Companies streamline integration projects , satisfy PCI and PA-DSS compliance requirements , define channel partnerships , and publish applications to active Commerce Marketplaces .
 SnapBill is an automated billing system that allows users to sell their services online . SnapBill is ideal for businesses requiring a subscription or recurring billing system with payment collection facilities . The RESTful API is still in beta and documentation is not complete . It provides users with some of the functionality of the SnapBill service . Responses are formatted in XML , JSON , TXT or HTML .
 The E-xact API is a web service that allows third-party applications to process transactions through E-xact's system as well as search and report on transaction records . E-xact is a provider of secure online transaction solutions and service to get payment gateways up and running . The API provides functionality for several types of transactions including standard purchases , tagged transactions , debit transactions and special transactions such as pre-authorization . The API uses both RESTful and SOAP protocol and responses can be formatted in either XML , JSON or CSV .
 The Plastyc API allows businesses to enroll people into prepaid cards from their website or phone systems . Plastyc provides payment and money management services to anyone with Internet access through a platform that issues and maintains the UPside Visa prepaid card line of prepaid debit cards . The API allows companies to sign up users for UPside Visa prepaid cards , and then let users check their balances , share money card to card or suspend lost cards from within the companiesï ¿ ½ own websites . The API uses SOAP architecture and responses are formatted in XML .
 Offerpal Media is the leader in virtual currency monetization for online games , virtual worlds and social networks . The companyï ¿ ½ s turnkey payment platform gives consumers the opportunity to earn or buy virtual currency by completing targeted advertising offers or by purchasing it through direct , global payment options .
 Using the JSON API , publishers with dynamic applications can create highly customized user experiences . Super Rewards provides a virtual currency monetization platform for social publishers and online communities . The Super Rewards platform can be deployed on any major social network , standalone website , mobile application , virtual world , or MMO to provide monetization functionality with less than an hour of deployment effort .
 Spreedly gives web applications an easy way to handle subscription-based services . The service works through many well-known payment gateways , including PayPal and SagePay , to complete fast , secure transactions . The Spreedly API offers the tools to integrate its payment service into websites or apps .
 PayLeap provides merchants a secure , single-source payment solution which includes tokenized cardholder data vault , secure checkout using LeapLock , fraud management tools , virtual terminal , and electronic invoicing , scheduled / recurring payments and is the exclusive provider of PaySecureÂ ® internet PIN Debit ( IPD ) .
 Daopay enables global payments , charged to the phone bill . Supports payments from mobile and landline phones and by SMS and works in over 200 countries . Our API sends you HTTP Notifications ; we call your web app when you've received a payment .
 From their site : The API allows developers to create a downloadable good , upload a file into our system , create a download transaction , and present an end user with a download link . The API also provides supporting calls for functions like transaction status and product purchase button HTML generation . PayLoadz offers a secure Digital Goods eCommerce service for anyone to sell downloadable goods online . We provide a service to sell downloadable items such as : software , eBooks , music , movies , digital art , manuals , articles , certificates , forms , files , and anything else that can be downloaded . Our automated service delivers your products to your customers instantly after payment . Our system operates using PayPal's online payment system and Google Checkout .
