the Name of a theatre for that city and the receipt for the booking performance
a payment from the credit card for the purchase , as well as shipping dates and customs costs for the specific item
HotelConfirmation and RentalConfirmation
the cheapest price offered by a shop close to his position, the GPS coordinate of this shop and a review of the product
the blood pressure (BP) of a patient given his PatientID (PID) and DeviceAddress; respectively the supervisor (Person) and a physician of an organisation (Org); a Warning level (WL) given a blood pressure; the Emergency department given a level of Warning; the Organization given a Warning level
the patient’s description. the patient’s current treatment. the patient’s previous treatments. the medication involved in this treatment. the drug class of this medication
the address and zip code of the hotel
the name, phone number, and address of the restaurant with matching food preference and closest to the zip code
the address of the closest restaurant and its rating
a detailed step-by-step driving direction and a map image of the destination address
the k-th ancestor of the given node. -1
the length of the longest absolute path to a file in the abstracted file system . 0
the largest multiple of three that can be formed by concatenating some of the given digits in any order
true
the minimum number of swaps to make both sequences strictly increasing
the number of different non-empty substrings of p in the string s
the number of' 1's in the first N number in the magical string S
the skyline formed by these buildings collectively
the number of important reverse pairs in the given array
" foobar " n times
the total importance value of this employee and all their subordinates
the integer value of
the number of unique pairs
a new counts array
the count of each atom
the maximum number of unique substrings that the given string can be split into
the number of superpalindromes in the inclusive range [ L , R ]
the root node of this tree
the total time that Ashe is in poisoned condition
the final grid
the number of segments in the string
all the pairs of the distinct indices ( i , j ) in the given list
the value of x in the form of string " x = #value " 
the k th lexicographically smallest instructions that will take Bob to destination
the length of the longest uncommon subsequence . -1
its index
the ordering of courses you should take to finish all courses
the integer value
the copy of the given node as a reference to the cloned graph
a list of integers representing the size of these parts
a list . 0
the subtree rooted with that node . NULL
a list of tokens representing the simplified expression
the rotation index K that corresponds to the highest score . the smallest such index K
the cheapest price from src to dst with up to k stops . -1
an integer array answer
its pure profit and the profit will be added to your total capital
your final maximized capital
the new reshaped matrix ; the original matrix
the minimum number of steps to walk from the upper left corner ( 0 , 0 ) to the lower right corner ( m-1 , n-1 ) given that you can eliminate at most k obstacles . -1
the lowest price you have to pay for exactly certain items as given
the sum of countUniqueChars ( t ) where t is a substring of s
the maximum profit you can take
true or false
the sum as a linked list
the complement of it's binary representation as a base-10 integer
the order of the plus sign . 0
the smallest good base of n in string format
the maximum average value
the index of a given target number
an integer . the series 010203040506
true
the board after revealing this position according to the following rules
the sorted list of words that the expression represents
an edge that can be removed so that the resulting graph is a tree of N nodes . the answer that occurs last in the given 2D-array
the MINIMUM change required to makes a strong password . 0