 The Thomson Reuters Open Calais API ( Intelligent Tagging API ) provides developers a way to take unstructured text ( e.g. News document , Research reports , etc ) and extract the aboutness into a machine-readable XML / RDF format . Metadata is disambiguated and resolved / linked to the Thomson Reuters professional financial data ecosystem .
 CrunchBase is a product of TechCrunch and is a directory of technology companies , people , and investment profiles especially for internet and startup companies . The read-only API allows for retrieving all information that is available from the database , with some search criteria , and it uses JSON for the output formats . Access to the full API requires an enterprise or applications license .
 Finansportalen is a site provided by the Norwegian Consumer Protection Agency to provide consumers the ability to make good choices in the market for financial services . The portal is a tool that helps consumers to compare financial industry products The Finansportalen API exposes data feeds on financial products for the Norwegian market . An account is required to view the URLs for data feeds .
 This service is being replaced by the GraphQL version . It will be sunseted Dec 2019 . The Kiva API gives you access to the world's first person-to-person micro-lending website , which empowers individuals to lend directly to unique entrepreneurs in the developing world . Kiva is a nonprofit organization .
 CoinDesk is an information center on Bitcoins , a decentralized digital currency used around the world . One service that CoinDesk provides is the Bitcoin Price Index ( BPI ) . This Bitcoin pricing data is calculated every minute and is published in USD , EUR , and GBP . BPI data is made available programmatically via REST API . People can use the API however they like as long as they credit CoinDesk as the data source .
 Authorize.Net provides IP based payment gateway services . The Authorize.Net API enables developers to integrate digital payments into applications . It is optimized for mobile , provides PCI compliance , has iOS and Android SDKs , and stores customer payment information with digital wallet technology . It integrates with Visa Checkout , bank accounts and PayPal , and features methods for fraud management , transaction reporting and recurring billing .
 BitStamp is an online exchange for bitcoins . Online consumers and traders can use it as a global marketplace to buy and sell BitCoins . Users make cash deposits to buy bitcoins from other users . They may then use those to make purchases or trade them back for cash eventually . BitStamp also provides a fee schedule and market information about bitcoins . Their RESTful API exposes transactional functions and access to bitcoin market ticker information . It returns JSON-encoded data .
 Coinkite is a bitcoin service that provides an exchange and bank for bitcoin and other crypto-currency use . Coinkite also both online banking and a debit card with which to transact in bitcoins offline . The Coinkite API allows users to utilize the exchange to deposit funds into Coinkite accounts . The Coinkite API uses REST calls , and an account is required with service .
 The API provides a platform for customizable integration options to meet the payment processing needs of a variety of merchants . Often the API is used to build white label integrations .
 Xero is an online accounting system designed for small businesses and their advisors . It gives users access to bank transactions , invoices and reports through the internet or mobile devices . The Xero API uses a RESTful approach and responds to requests in an XML or JSON format .
 VirCurEx is an online exchange for users to buy , sell , and trade bitcoins and other crypto-currencies . The VirCurEx allows users to make calls for bid and currency info , check trades , make trades , review account information , and numerous other calls . An account is required with service . Users attempting to utilize the API without the intention of executing trades will be blocked . The API uses REST calls and will return XML or JSON . An account is required with service .
 The Foxrate Currency Exchange API lets you submit a currency amount and returns the equivalent amount in the currency of your choice .
 The quantra API provides programmatic access to quantitative finance tools . This API was created with QuantLib , an open-source software library that provides tools for financial instrument valuation and related subjects . It's still in beta and not yet ready for production use . Examples are provided using Google sheets .
 The Money Push API provides data useful to create stocks trading applications and algorithms . Authentication is possible via Key . Simple methods include to create market orders , open market positions , and modify stop losses . Advanced methods cover to add a price in the market , open orders in the market , and close a position to access the final profit or loss of the trade .
 The Bondora API allows developers to programmatically access the Bondora investment platform for European personal loans . These loans are funded directly by investors rather than through banks . All borrowers are risk-assessed and assigned into credit groups whose interest rates reflect their relative risk . Bondora loans are fixed-income investments that provide monthly returns in the form of principal and interest payments .
 The Canadian Bitcoin Index API is a resource for Canadian Bitcoin price information . The main index endpoint returns a value for the price of a Bitcoin denominated in Canadian dollars . It is calculated as an average from actual trade data from all Canadian owned exchanges .
 Integrate SEC filing data within apps using the Last 10K API . The Last 10K developer portal facilitates the rapid creation of applications that inter-operate with Last10K ’s RESTful service , providing access to SEC filing data and support services to help developers .
 Bitfinex is a bitcoin trading platform that provides users with bitcoin wallets and storage , margin trading , and liquidity provisions . The Bitfinex API allows users to access the full functionality of the Bitfinex platform including the orderbook , the personal account data , and other attributes . The API uses REST calls and returns JSON . An account is required with service , and both SSL and an API key are used for security .
 CryptoCoin Charts provides charts on the long-time prices of altcoins ( i.e. cryptocurrencies other than Bitcoin ) along with an order book . There are a lot of altcoins available , and CryptoCoin Charts is intended to help users identify ones worth investing in . CryptoCoin Charts currently stores over 50 million trades for 263 currency pairs , collected from 27 different exchanges . Developers can access some of this information via REST calls .
 API Rates allows users to retrieve information on Forex ( foreign exchange market ) , stocks , and commodities from a cloud-based , shared , or dedicated instance of the service . All instances parse , store , and provide access to real-time prices via JSON API . Data provided by the service is valid data from the markets , but it is not licensed and is intended primarily for testing purposes . Customization of the service is available upon request .
 The Ghana Stock Exchange API allows users to query real-time trading statistics , get in-depth market data and analysis , and authentic company information . It also allows users to quickly and easily integrate the stock exchange's market data into third-party applications using REST-style calls . The API returns JSON , JSONP , and XML . The service is free to use .
 We integrate data from over 60 exchanges and 500 + Cryptocurrencies and tokens and provide it via one single API .
 1 . Global cryptocurrency indices via Http and Websocket realtime feeds .-Our global index considers all the trading pairs for a cryptocurrency and calculates global price from all of them . For example for Bitcoin it considers the trading price for Bitcoin to US Dollar , Bitcoin to Euro , Bitcoin to British Pound etc. . and calculates a global Bitcoin index . We provide global index for the major cryptocurrencies : Bitcoin ( BTC ) , Ethereum ( ETH ) , Ripple ( XRP ) , Bitcoin Cash ( BCH ) , Litecoin ( LTC ) in all of the worlds fiat currencies like the US Dollar , Euro , British Sterling , Brazilian Real , Czech Crown , Russian Rubble and all others .
 2 . Local cryptocurrency and tokens indices via Http and Websocket realtime feeds .-Our local index considers only the trading pairs for single symbol , ex . Bitcoin to Euro , from all exchanges that support trading it . We provide local index for hundreds of cryptocurrencies .
 mcxNOW is a digital currency exchange platform where users can buy and trade multiple currencies . The site handles Bitcoin , among other currencies , and offers low trading fees , a C++ trading engine , anonymous trading , and 3 tier network security . The mcxNOW API allows users to check the site order book for the last traded price , and the trading volume . The service uses REST calls and returns XML .
 Kraken is a professional Bitcoin trading platform that aims to bring Bitcoin , and other crypto-currencies , into the main stream . The site offers robust trading capabilities , secure holdings , and a high level of regulatory compliance . The Kraken API uses REST calls and returns JSON . The API offers public market data , private user data and information about the user's accounts , and the ability to place and manipulate trade orders . An account is required with service .
 Coins-E is a crypto-currency exchange that allows users to purchase , store , and trade in an assortment of crypto-currencies . Coins-E is a The Coins-E trade API allows users to place and buy , sell , and many other orders in over 30 different crypto-coins . The service uses REST calls and returns JSON . An account is required with service .
 Cryptsy is an online crypto-currency trading service that allows users to trade Bitcoins for a variety of alternative currencies and fiat currencies . The Cryptsy API has both public and authenticated methods . The public methods do not require an API key and allow users to query for general market data and general orderbook data . Authenticated methods permit users to query for advanced information such as market data , user transactions , market trades , market orders , user trades and user orders , as well as the creation and execution of trades . The service sues REST calls , returns JSON , and uses both SSL and an API key for authentication .
 The Rapaport Group provides knowledge-based information services supporting the development of free , fair , efficient , competitive , and profitable diamond and jewelry markets . Their primary websites are Diamonds.net , RapNet.com , and Rapaport Auctions .
 Bitcurex is a Bitcoin trading system that allows users to purchase , hold , trade , and sell Bitcoins within the Bitcurex community . The Bitcurex API allows the user to manipulate his or her trading account using trading bots . The API allows calls to get funds , get orders , buy or sell Bitcoins , cancel orders , get transaction history , and withdraw funds . The service uses REST calls and returns JSON .
 CampBX is a platform where you can buy and sell Bitcoins in real-time from other CampBX users . Your buy or sell orders are matched against a parametrized database of other orders . If a perfect match is found , a Bitcoin-to-USD trade is executed instantly . If there are no matching orders at the price you specified , then your order can remain open for up to 31 days . To maintain fairness in trading , we have taken a purely-platform approach and CampBX is never a counter-party to any trade . Our platform was designed with stability and security as top priorities , and we became the first Bitcoin website to obtain Payment Card Industry ( PCI ) certification and the McAfee Secure seal of confidence on June 28th , 2011 . When you open an account on CampBX , all of the following features are available to you to ensure that you have a productive experience on our platform : ­ ­ • Daily security scans and certification by McAfee Secure • Quick Buy / Sell and Spend-X trades available for new traders • Advanced trading options with AON / FOK / Incremental Fills • Market Price and Limit Price Orders • STOPLOSS and Short-Selling available soon • Stoploss / Custom Order Expiry Date / Time • Trading API available • Wallet API available • SMS ( Text Message ) Notifications • Two-Factor Authentication • Professional third-party security audits • Frequent & encrypted back-ups • A comprehensive disaster recovery plan • Based in Atlanta , USA
 The MNB provides the Arfolyam ( trans . Exchange Rate ) API , which can be used to retrieve current and historic currency exchange rates . This service uses SOAP calls issued in XML format .
 TransferNow is an online funds transfer solution that gives users the ability to securely transfer funds between accounts they own that are held at more than 23,000 banks , credit unions and brokerages via the ACH network . The TransferNow XML API allows developers to integrate the product modules with their financial institution's existing processes . Public documentation is not available .
 Marketo is a provider specializing in revenue performance management . Marketo offers revenue-focused , B2B marketing automation software . Marketo offers an API that lets developers integrate Marketo with multiple third-party applications and enterprise data repositories . The API provides support for integration with both back-end and front-end allowing organizations to integrate any application , service or non-standard CRM system with their Marketo solution . Documentation is not publicly available .
 Block Explorer is a service that provides information on bitcoins and block chain data . Block Explorer also allows users to manage their online bitcoin currency with online wallets .
 C24 creates software for standards-based messaging and provides integration solutions aimed at the wholesale financial services markets . The C24 API lets users validate a SWIFT message . The API asks users to specify the appropriate SWIFT Standard to use and the message to validate , then returns the validation result , and the eventual parsing or validation errors . The API uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in JSON . A free trial period of 5 days is offered to developers .
 The ActBlue API provides programmatic access to much of ActBlue's data . ActBlue helps individuals and organizations raise money for Democratic candidates and committees across the country . The ActBlue API covers three broad areas : entity information and fundraising page management , access to public fundraising totals broken out in various ways , and access to detailed contribution records . The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML .
 The Dwolla API provides an interface to integrate the Dwolla payments platform into a software application . Dwolla provides white labeled bank transfer payment services that includes is a simple yet powerful API for ACH transfers .
 The API provides developers with the functionality to transfer money to users , send mass payments , transfer money between users , facilitate bank verification and authorization , and retrieve transfer history . The RESTful API implements HATEOS and HAL , and responses are formatted in JSON .
 Exchange Rate API provides accurate exchange rates served from the European Central Reserve Bank as they are released . It only involves getting the contents returned by a URL . This API is free to use for both personal and commercial use .
 Use any of the five APIs to access ACTIV's technology : ActivFeed API , ActivContentServer API , ActivServerContribution API , ActivClientContribution API , or ActivMiddleware API . Use the ActivFeed API to get a variety of market data , including current prices , time-series , fundamental data , and news . Use the ActivContentServer API to get multicast streams , and it can accommodate high-bandwidth needs . Contact to obtain documentation .
 The World Bank Indicators API provides access to almost 16,000 time series indicators , most of which are available online through tools such as Databank and the Open Data website . The API gives developers unified access to over 45 databases including World Development Indicators , International Debt Statistics , Doing Business , Human Capital Index , and Subnational Poverty . Many of the available data series go back more than 50 years .
 Amberdata.io provides real-time , raw & augmented blockchain data . The Amerdata API enables developers to retrieve data about cryptocurrency markets and data , including tools to manage futures market data , spot market data , market metrics , blockchains , plus blockchain addresses , blocks , contacts , transactions and more .
 Whether you own an independent comparison site or you are a broker for real estate-you might want to open cash accounts for yourself or on your customers' behalf via a directly connected interface from within your proprietary systems . With this endpoint you can open up user accounts in a short process of a few minutes . The user only has to provide the needed application information and legitimate him / herself via video legitimation or POSTIDENT .
 Eurex Reference data API offers data about finance Products , Contracts , TES configuration , Trading hours and Expirations via GraphQL . Eurex provides stock market trading exchange and market data services . Interested developers can contact provider for full API documentation access .
 Mboum API provides free real-time stock and options market data . Our market data includes financial statements , news , insider trading and more .
 Sensibill Receipt Data Extraction API uses machine learning and Optical Character Recognition ( OCR ) to extract pertinent data from receipts and other documents . The API enables users to extract over 150 data points , including merchant , total , items , taxes , and more from a given receipt . Sensibill Capture is a mobile receipt capture application + API . Contact the provider for API access and documentation .
 Through its developer portal , PayByFace enables third party application developers to integrate their customers biometric face templates with a tokenized card on file . Such customers will be able to pay for their in-store shopping at any PayByFace merchant by simply have their faces scanned by a camera enabled tablet installed at point of sale . The payment is then processed via an e-commerce payment gateway without the need for the endusers to touch anything . PayByFace provides a unified interface that exposes several functions of the PayByFace system capabilities for 3rd party developers to use in their own mobile apps .
 The MX Platform provides access to connect customers to MX financial accounts and incorporate an additional data engine with AI-driven predictive recommendations for customers financial data . MX is a SaaS company that builds data-driven products for banks , credit unions and fintech innovators and creates solutions to help customers understand and manage finances .
 The MX API is designed to aggregate and enhance financial data with the ability to interact and connect to your applications or website to tens of thousands of financial institutions . This MX API is built around a standard REST architecture and uses predictable , resource-oriented URLs , that returns JSON formatted data . Requests are made with HTTP methods and supports bearer tokens for authentication . The MX Platform provides access to connect customers to MX financial accounts and incorporate an additional data engine with AI-driven predictive recommendations for customers financial data . MX is a SaaS company that builds data-driven products for banks , credit unions and fintech innovators and creates solutions to help customers understand and manage finances .
 The TrafficLight API allows you to check the financial health and default payment risk of other companies . It provides access to an extensive database of information about companies in France , Europe , and globally . It enables you with the ability to search for companies by name or unique identifier , request information about its safety and more . TrafficLight empowers B2B companies to trade with customers and partners , by providing an understanding of their financial health .
 This is an API to access the KickEX exchange that includes services for ; Pairs , All Tickers , Orderbook , Candles and others . It allows you to ; get statistics on a currency pair , gain access to data regarding a specified currency , get current exchange orders , cancel a group of open orders and more . Client authentication requires an API key to authorize access to this service , with examples for Ruby , Python and JavaScript . The KickEX exchange provides trading solutions to trade smart orders with zero downtime , cashback on trades and more .
 This SEC EDGAR TODASApps API provides a way to ; Retrieve Filing , Company , Issuer and more . It allows you to retrieve millions of Filings from the SEC EDGAR System .
 This API is a beta release that enables programmatic access to Up Money balances and transaction data . The Up API is a banking service that allows you to track balances and transactions , retrieve a specific account by identifier , retrieve a list of transactions for an account and more . Requests to the Up Banking API require authentication via access token . This service also makes a basic ping request to the API to verify that authentication is correct . Up provides banking services to organize finances .
 The marketstack data service provides access to API endpoints that include ; End-of-Day Data , Intraday Data , Historical Data , Tickers , Exchanges , Currencies and Timezones . This is a JSON-based REST API for global , real-time , intraday and historical stock market data , that is built on the apilayer cloud infrastructure . Examples are available for PHP , Python , NodeJS , jQuery , Go and Ruby . It has solutions for real-time , intraday and historical stock data , that supports 125,000 + stock tickers and global stock exchanges including ; NASDAQ , Australian Stock Exchange , London Stock Exchange and more .
 The Barchart Alert Service implements a REST interface via HTTP to interact with Barchart that is based on an OpenAPI specification to define and manage alert conditions and notifications . Barchart provides quotes , charts and market data for the commodity , stock , Forex and ETF markets .
 The FactSet PA Engine API allows you to request analytics for multi-asset class performance , attribution , and risk and includes ; portfolio , benchmark , return period , and more . This API utilizes Basic HTTP Authentication and requires a username and API key password to authorize . FactSet helps financial professionals with market trends to access company and industry intelligence to execute trades , monitor portfolio risk and monitor performance .
 The Bud API enables you with the ability to manage financial tools that gain programmatic access to services for ; Open Banking Aggregation , Enrichment , Insights , Affordability , Recognition and more . It allows you to build features , applications and experiences with endpoints that follow RESTful principles that use http verbs such as ; GET , POST , PUT , PATCH , and DELETE . The Bud financial API returns JSON responses and provides a way to create a new Customer , List the available account providers , Authenticates and connects to a customer account and others . Access to the Bud Developer Console requires that you create API credentials in order to obtain an OAuth2 access token . Bud is a financial platform that is used by banks to access open banking services globally .
 The Tiingo API returns stocks , crypto , and IEX financial data in JSON and CSV formats . Features include forex , news , and end-of-day stock market information . Developers can authenticate with an API token .
 The Rapyd Wallet API provides services to ; create a Rapyd Wallet , change or modify a Rapyd Wallet , retrieve the details of a Rapyd Wallet and more . Rapyd Payments provides a way to manage transactions in the Rapyd Payments service . Rapyd builds services that offer local payment methods and create a way for fintech applications to integrate functionality and scale globally .
 The OpenPayd Webhooks API are HTTP callbacks that receive notification messages for OpenPayd events . This includes the following types ; Currency , Account Created , Currency Account Status Update , Client Created and more . The OpenPayd API allows you to develop custom solutions that manage your organization ’s payments . It is an integration with the functionality for a modern finance department to manage the entire cash flow from collection to payout . OpenPayd provides a way to scale payment flows , simplify treasury , process payments in real-time and reduce costs , with solutions that are used directly or integrated as a white-label proposition to combine multi-currency accounts , payments , FX and card processing solutions .
 The Rapyd Webhooks API provides a way to receive a callback that is triggered by an event in the Rapyd Payments platform . This Rapyd API is a notifications service that allows you to access relevant information about an event such as ; fraud detection and prevention , finalizing a transaction , an audit trail and more . Rapyd builds services that offer local payment methods and create a way for fintech applications to integrate functionality and scale globally .
 The Rapyd Payments API provides a way to manage transactions to ; Collect payments , Disburse funds , Manage Rapyd Wallets and others . Rapyd builds services that offer local payment methods and create a way for fintech applications to integrate functionality and scale globally .
 The Checkbook.io API sends and receives funds without checks . Checkbook.io provides an API Key and an API Secret with demo , sandbox , and production environments to authenticate and make calls to the API .
 PostFinance's E-Payment API enables developers to programmatically access financial related resources in their applications . The API returns hosted checkout data , payment information , refund processing information , and products . The API features REST architecture and Token-based authentication . PostFinance is a fintech company based in Switzerland .
 The Copper REST API provides access to account management and trading services that integrate into applications . The Copper platform integrates custody architecture for trading that gives institutional investors the ability to offer digital assets . It is a digital asset ecosystem focused on institutional custody and acquisition with a next-gen digital asset infrastructure for the financial services industry .
 The Benzinga API provides financial reports retrieved from the news . API Key / token required to authenticate . JSON format is preferred , not XML .
 Benzinga concentrates on market data . It offers a suite of channels focused on breaking news so that a company can be the first to purchase a trade . Benzinga offers news updates in two ways , either from the pull-based Rest API or a push-based TCP . Both provide unprecedented market access .
 The OpenPayd API lets you develop custom solutions to manage your organization ’s payments . It offers an integration with the functionality needed for a modern finance department to manage the entire cash flow from collection to payout . OpenPayd provides a way to expand into international markets by connecting to the OpenPayd banking and payments infrastructure to scale payment flows , simplify treasury , process payments in real-time and reduce costs . OpenPayd solutions are used directly or integrated as a white-label proposition to combine multi-currency accounts , payments , FX and card processing solutions .
 Service Objects DOTS Address Geocode International provides latitude , longitude and metadata for international addresses and places . The API follows conventions for each country ’s postal system for parsing and storing addresses and returns 16 levels of precision based on available data . Additionally , the API returns the locality , admin area , postcode , country and country ISO2 and ISO3 . The Address Geocode International API returns JSON or XML formatted responses .
 Blockchain.com Exchange API enables users to receive market data , request balance information and interact with the trading system in real time .
 The Algorand API provides blockchain services for financial operations . Algorand in REST architecture supports JavaScript , Python , Java , and Go programming languages to access the API .
 RealtimeSocket.com provides financial data in a socket format so you do nt have to keep making REST API requests , it will return updates automatically in the websocket ( FTSE , DOW , Bitcoin , Gold , S&P 500 , Nasdaq )
 Lookup information about a United States security by its CUSIP number . Information returned is the security name , as well as its ticker symbol .
 This API returns the information of the ATMs of our bank . ATMs are filtered by region .
 This API returns the information of the branches of our bank . Branches are filtered by region .
 The Quicko API provides the digital infrastructure you will need to quickly build and scale your fintech application in banking , savings , wealth , financial wellness , and insurance .
 It's really easy to use Quicko API to start consuming APIs in your app . Using Quicko API , you can consume any API using a unified , REST format that is easy to understand and embed in your app . Moreover , you can view all of the APIs you are connected to using the dashboard . Our APIs have simple , resource-oriented URLs , accepts JSON-encoded request bodies , returns JSON-encoded responses , and uses standard HTTP response codes , authentication and error messages .
 The Wall Street Horizon Enchilada API provides stocks , financial , and institutional data in XML format .
 This API returns the mutual fund prices for the requested date .
 This API returns interest rate information for the requested date and type of investment product .
 This API is provided by the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation ( DTCC ) , an American post-trade financial services company that provides clearing and settlement services . In order to access APIs , developers will need to contact their DTCC Relationship Manager or email RMSupport@dtcc.com with subject line " DTCC API Marketplace Inquiry " .
 The DTCC FRTB Real Price Observations API provides real price observation data services under the requirements of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision's Fundamental Review of the Trading Book ( FRTB ) . This reduces banks' operational burdens and non-modellable risk factor ( NMRF ) capital charges . This API is not yet available , but will be soon .
 This API is provided by the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation ( DTCC ) , an American post-trade financial services company that provides clearing and settlement services . In order to access APIs , developers will need to contact their DTCC Relationship Manager or email RMSupport@dtcc.com with subject line " DTCC API Marketplace Inquiry " .
 The Jive Data 13F Filings API provides real-time analysis of hedge fund and mutual funds within seconds of being filed .
 This API returns currency rates for the requested date .
 This API returns gold prices for the requested date .
 The 0x API provides methods to source liquidity from 0x Mesh , Kyber , Uniswap , Oasis , and decentralized exchange networks . With the API , developers can route transactions across decentralized exchange networks to find the lowest slippage possible .
 CurrencyScoop is a developer-friendly and enterprise-grade REST API which provides real-time , daily and historical exchange rates for 168 world currencies and precious metals , delivered in a JSON format and compatible with any application , framework or language . The CurrencyScoop Forex data powers currency converters , mobile apps and back-office systems around the world .
 The YoBit Trade API allows developers to create orders , cancel orders , request active balances , and obtain information that requires access to personal account data . Authentication is required with each request , and all responses are provided in JSON format .
 The YoBit Public API allows developers to get information that doesn't require access to personal account data , such as the depth , fee , ticker , and trades for a given currency pair .
 The DigiFinex API provides endpoints for public use , private use , spot trading , OTC , and margin trading . The public endpoints can be used to get the ticker price , orderbook , recent trades , candles data , and more . The private endpoints can be used to create , get , and cancel orders as well as transfer assets among accounts and close positions .
 The BL3P Authenticated HTTP API allows developers to create an order , cancel an order , get a specific order , or get the whole orderbook . It also provides access to account-related functions such as creating a new deposit address , getting the last deposit address , getting the transaction history , creating a withdrawal , and getting an account balance .
 the Bank of the Payment Service User through its interfaces . The API provides an interface to access Multibanco Payment services that are designed on a REST model utilizing JSON structures . Examples are available for cURL , Ruby , Python , PHP , Java , NodeJS , Go and Swift . SIBS builds tools to define the future of the digital economy in Europe and beyond .
 This API provides NLP and anomaly detection technlogies for crypto
 The SIBS MB WAY ID Purchase API provides a way for Merchants to implement the MB WAY Purchase Checkout with a phone number in their Online Stores . It validates and immediately holds the amount on the customer's card , starts a purchase between a merchant and a customer , refunds a customer of a previously made MB Way ID purchase and more . This API provides an interface to access MB WAY Product services that are designed on a REST model utilizing JSON structures . Examples are available for cURL , Ruby , Python , PHP , Java , NodeJS , Go and Swift . SIBS builds tools to define the future of the digital economy in Europe and beyond .
 Bit-Z is a popular digital assets trading exchange with branches in multiple countries and regions , including Singapore , Japan , and South Korea . Documentation is provided in Chinese , Japanese , Korean , and English .
 Bit-Z is a popular digital assets trading exchange with branches in multiple countries and regions , including Singapore , Japan , and South Korea . Documentation is provided in Chinese , Japanese , Korean , and English .
 The Bit-Z Websocket Market Data API allows developers to subscribe and unsubscribe from data streams . For a given trading pair , streams are available that provide the market overview , depth , contract note , and K-line . This API will only return GZIP compressed data , which should be decompressed locally .
 Bit-Z is a popular digital assets trading exchange with branches in multiple countries and regions , including Singapore , Japan , and South Korea . Documentation is provided in Chinese , Japanese , Korean , and English .
 The SIBS Payment Initiation API allows users to initiate a payment from a client's request , using one of the payment instruments made available by the Bank of the Payment Service User . This API provides an interface to access PSD2 Payment services that are designed on a REST model utilizing JSON structures . It allows you to request the creation of a payment initiation , update user data , Get payment requests and more . Examples are available for cURL , Ruby , Python , PHP , Java , NodeJS , Go and Swift . SIBS builds tools to define the future of the digital economy in Europe and beyond .
 The SIBS Account Information API allows users to access SIBS account identification data , account balances and account transactions history . This API provides an interface to access PSD2 Account Information services that are designed on a REST model utilizing JSON structures . It provides users with a consolidated view of available balances , income and spending , the spending behavior of users , both private and corporate , the ability to predict overdrafts and more . Examples are available for cURL , Ruby , Python , PHP , Java , NodeJS , Go and Swift . SIBS builds tools to define the future of the digital economy in Europe and beyond .
 The SIBS Payment Initiation API allows users to initiate a payment using one of the payment products made available by the Bank of the Payment Service User . It allows you to access a payment initiation request , update PSU data , request properties of a payment initiation and more . This API provides an interface to access Payment services that are designed on a REST model utilizing JSON structures . Examples are available for cURL , Ruby , Python , PHP , Java , NodeJS , Go and Swift . SIBS builds tools to define the future of the digital economy in Europe and beyond .
 The BHEX Contract API provides public endpoints for getting current broker trading rules , symbol information , current insurance funding , underlying asset index prices , current funding rates , and more . The API's private endpoints allow developers to place and cancel orders as well as retrieve open orders .
 This API is provided by BHEX ( Bluehelix ) , a crypto assets financial services provider . Documentation for this API is available in both English and Chinese .
 Bit-Z is a popular digital assets trading exchange with branches in multiple countries and regions , including Singapore , Japan , and South Korea . Documentation is provided in Chinese , Japanese , Korean , and English .
 Bit-Z is a popular digital assets trading exchange with branches in multiple countries and regions , including Singapore , Japan , and South Korea . Documentation is provided in Chinese , Japanese , Korean , and English .
 Bit-Z is a popular digital assets trading exchange with branches in multiple countries and regions , including Singapore , Japan , and South Korea . Documentation is provided in Chinese , Japanese , Korean , and English .
 Bit-Z is a popular digital assets trading exchange with branches in multiple countries and regions , including Singapore , Japan , and South Korea . Documentation is provided in Chinese , Japanese , Korean , and English .
 The BHEX REST API provides market data endpoints for getting market depth , recent trades , the kline / candlestick bars for a symbol , 24-hour price change statistics , the latest price for a symbol , and more . This API can also be used to send or cancel an order .
 This API is provided by BHEX ( Bluehelix ) , a crypto assets financial services provider . Documentation for this API is available in both English and Chinese .
 The BHEX Options Open API provides public methods for retrieving trading and expired options , the current index price and EDP , the options order book , the latest trades for a given option , and kline information . The API also provides private methods for placing an order , canceling an order , retrieving open orders , getting details for an order , and more .
 This API is provided by BHEX ( Bluehelix ) , a crypto assets financial services provider . Documentation for this API is available in both English and Chinese .
 The BHEX Websocket Stream API allows developers to subscribe to or unsubscribe from data streams , including streams for raw trade information , market tickers , kline / candlestick , orderbook depth , and index data . Developers can choose to receive data at intervals ranging from one minute to one month .
 This API is provided by BHEX ( Bluehelix ) , a crypto assets financial services provider . Documentation for this API is available in both English and Chinese .
 The Korbot Exchange Websocket API allows developers to subscribe to channels to receive market data . This API is strongly recommended for developers who want to access market-related information and trading depth .
 The Hubi REST API allows developers to interact with Hubi in order to get user information , query an entrustment , get coin or symbol information , query assets , and more . All requests and responses are given in JSON .
 The Hubi WebSocket API allows developers to subscribe to market depth and ticker information over WebSocket . All request and response messages are sent in JSON . All time units and time stamps returned by the API use milliseconds .
 The CoinAll Token Trading API provides endpoints for retrieving market data , accessing account data , managing orders , and getting bill details for a trading account .
 The CoinAll Websocket API allows developers to subscribe or unsubscribe from one or more data channels . Public channels provide access to ticker , kline , trade , and depth data feeds .
 The DGCSC API provides a RESTful prices feed of Gold and Silver that returns results in XML or JSON and updates every 2 minutes . This includes prices for Gold , Silver , Platinum and more . Example Code is available for JavaScript , PHP and CFML . DGCSC.org offers free access to XML and JSON formatted files of frequently updated Gold and Silver prices for approx. 18 years .
 IDAX is an international cryptocurrency exchange platform created by GBC ( Global Blockchain Research Centre ) . All API documentation is given exclusively in Chinese .
 IDAX is an international cryptocurrency exchange platform created by GBC ( Global Blockchain Research Centre ) . All API documentation is given exclusively in Chinese .
 The Paxos API allows users to build and integrate products with Paxos digital financial infrastructure . This API utilizes OAuth2 in its authorization flow , and enables third parties with permission to act on behalf of Paxos customers with customer consent . It provides a way to read the transaction history associated with the end- customer's Paxos account , return the transaction details for a specific customer activity , returns a specific Paxos-issued deposit address and more . Paxos mission is to modernize finance by mobilizing assets online , and is a regulated financial institution that builds infrastructures to enable movement between physical and digital assets .
 The CoinBene Margin API provides both public and private interfaces to cryptocurrency margin information . The Public Interface allows developers to get all transaction configuration information or just transaction configuration information for a specific currency pair . The Private Interface can be used to query account information , create or undo orders , query information for an order , and more .
 The CoinBene SWAP REST API provides developers with both a public and a private interface to CoinBene . The Public Interface allows developers to get order information , ticker information , K-line data , and the latest filled orders . The Private Interface can be used to place or cancel an order , get transaction details for a specific order , get a list of funding rates , query contract account information , and more .
 This API is provided by CoinBene , a crypto assets platform that spans 180 countries and can support 100 million orders per second .
 Bithumb is a Korean cryptocurrency exchange . API documentation is provided in both Korean and English .
 Bithumb is a Korean cryptocurrency exchange . API documentation is provided in both Korean and English .
 ZB is a Chinese cryptocurrency exchange . Their website is provided in both English and Chinese , but the API documentation is provided only in Chinese .
 The ZB WebSocket API allows developers obtain information such as market configuration , market depth , ticker data , and historical data . The API can also be used to create and cancel orders , get user information , manage sub-accounts , and get user leverage information .
 ZB is a Chinese cryptocurrency exchange . Their website is provided in both English and Chinese , but the API documentation is provided only in Chinese .
 The eMoney Access Firm Admin API allows users to manage eMoney offices , clients and users . It provides a way to update or change a client's owning advisor , add new users , advisors , assistants , and planners , set the display names and more . eMoney enables authentication that is utilized via POST request via Client Id and API key , to receive a JSON Web Token for API access . eMoney is the leading provider of scalable wealth management solutions for financial professionals , firms , and enterprises of all sizes .
 The eMoney Access Supporting Info API gives users to a unified view for syncing notes , tasks and alerts across platforms . It provides a way to generate and export eMoney client income data , including name , type , amount , inflation rate and more . eMoney enables authentication that is utilized via POST request via Client Id and API key , to receive a JSON Web Token for API access . eMoney is the leading provider of scalable wealth management solutions for financial professionals , firms , and enterprises of all sizes .
 The eMoney Access Document Management API allows users to upload and store important documents created outside of eMoney in the vault , and download vault documents to be stored and shared in another platform . Manage external files and reports , plus view , save , and share important financial documents , download items to edit and manage on other platforms and more with the API . eMoney enables authentication that is utilized via POST request via Client Id and API key , to receive a JSON Web Token for API access . eMoney is the leading provider of scalable wealth management solutions for financial professionals , firms , and enterprises of all sizes .
 The eMoney Access Client Facts API allows users to generate and export eMoney client asset data , liability data , income data , expense data and more . Generate and export eMoney client income data such as name , type , amount and inflation rate , to export eMoney client tasks and more with the API . eMoney enables authentication that is utilized via POST request via Client Id and API key , to receive a JSON Web Token for API access . eMoney is the leading provider of scalable wealth management solutions for financial professionals , firms , and enterprises of all sizes .
 The eMoney Access Plan Data API allows you to manage plans and client goals , view goal funding and projections , access client probability and others . It provides a way to download goals and associated value and timeline information , gain a real-time update of the client's probability of success , create a unified client view across platforms and more . eMoney enables authentication that is utilized via POST request via Client Id and API key , to gain a JSON Web Token for API access . eMoney is the leading provider of scalable wealth management solutions for financial professionals , firms , and enterprises of all sizes .
 The ParaSwap API allows applications and traders to access liquidity , price feeds , instant swaps , and payments . The API operates as a decentralized exchange hub , obtaining the nest price to building a transaction payload .
 The Mercury API allows users to access Mercury banking accounts , transaction history , make payments to existing recipients and more . The API utilizes basic authentication over HTTPS to authenticate via token . Mercury provides banking services that support startups .
 Remita enables developers to integrate payment capabilities with applications . This platform can be utilized to pay invoices , receive payments , implement payroll for businesses , buy airtime / data , and more . Remita requires API Keys for authentication . Remita is a payment platform for applications and websites .
 The Lbank REST API is recommended for developers wanting to perform currency exchange transactions or asset withdrawals with Lbank . The API documentation is provided in both English and Chinese .
 The Lbank WebSocket API is recommended for developers wanting to obtain information such as market conditions and trading depth from Lbank . The API documentation is provided in both English and Chinese .
 OKEx is a digital asset exchange that provides financial services to traders using blockchain technology .
 OKEx is a digital asset exchange that provides financial services to traders using blockchain technology .
 OKEx is a digital asset exchange that provides financial services to traders using blockchain technology .
 The OKEx INDEX API provides a single public method that allows developers to retrieve index contents . This API is rate limited to 20 calls every 2 seconds .
 OKEx is a digital asset exchange that provides financial services to traders using blockchain technology .
 OKEx is a digital asset exchange that provides financial services to traders using blockchain technology .
 OKEx is a digital asset exchange that provides financial services to traders using blockchain technology .
 OKEx is a digital asset exchange that provides financial services to traders using blockchain technology .
 The Wealthbox API returns customer relationship management features for financial applications , providing contacts , tasks , workflows , events , projects , and notes . Wealthbox is CRM software for financial advisors .
 Patriot / OFAC Search API uses fuzzy search algorithms to determine if a name is a likely match on the OFAC SDN or non-SDN ( consolidated ) lists . iAbstract provides Automation for the Title Industry , including access to a directory of United States county offices . The iAbstract Patriot Search Service is based on the US Office of Foreign Assets Control , Specially Designated Nationals list . ( OFAC SDN ) . Developer wishing to integrate via the API need to contact iAbstract.com for more information .
 The BlockFacts REST API enables users to fetch data from multiple cryptocurrency exchanges through only one API . The API includes methods for accessing assets , retrieving current and historical data , retriveing end of day data , plus running normalization pairs and more . BlockFacts provides unified digital asset data-infrastructure with tick-level access , full auditability & traceability . A Websocket API is also available .
 The ABN-AMRO Payment Initiation API returns data to initiate payments and retrieve information on the status of the transaction . Developers need a PSD2 license to use this service . They can authenticate with an API Key and make calls that return JSON responses . ABN AMRO Bank is headquartered in Amsterdam , Holland .
 The ABN-AMRO Account Information API returns data in JSON format with accounts' balances and balance transactions . Developers can authenticate with API Key and OAuth2 . The website can be translated from Dutch to English . ABN AMRO Bank is headquartered in Amsterdam , Holland .
 The ABN-AMRO FX Trade API returns data in JSON format that receives real-time foreign exchange rates and initiate currency conversions . Developers can authenticate with API Key and OAuth2 . The API includes a sandbox endpoint with methods for currency pairs , indicative rates , orders , quotes , and more . ABN AMRO Bank is headquartered in Amsterdam , Holland .
 The MTN Mobile Money API provides services that enable remote and automatic collection of bills fees and taxes . It allows you to automatically deposit funds to multiple users and more . Example code is available for Curl , C# , Java , JavaScript , Objective-C , PHP , Python and Ruby . MoMo is financial services that are used for personal , agency , merchant and corporate applications . The MTN Group delivers voice , data , mobile financial services and digital products across 21 countries in Africa and the Middle East .
 Even Financial is an API for Financial Services Monetization . The Even API can return offers for Even's product offerings through a single endpoint for creating leads and generating' rate tables' with personalized offers . With the Even API , partners have the ability to create custom user interfaces that are integrated within existing user experiences or where an embed is not possible . For example , a personal finance mobile application may use the Even API directly to generate offers and display them across the application . When using the real-time pricing model , partners using the Even API have direct access to offer pricing information . This allows partners to make real-time decisions when presenting offers to their users .
 Contract.fit provides business process services . The Contract.fit API is your one-stop shop to help you with all your intelligent automation needs . This fast , accurate and flexible API is for extraction , classification and validation of content from documents , emails , etc . The API provides methods for documents , files , projects , settings , users , roles , inboxes and more .
 The fire.com TPP service provides an Open Banking dedicated API for Trans-Pacific Partnerships ( TPP ) to access Fire.com personal and business accounts . Fire Financial Services is business and personal digital accounts that are regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland .
 The Square Checkout API is a prebuilt solution for taking payments with a secure payment form hosted by Square . Square Checkout API supports online payments with next business day deposits , PCI-compliant payments , and SSL support . Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online , in-person , or in-app to manage products and customers .
 The Square Labor API provides a way to integrate Square Point of Sale timekeeping with applications for labor cost reporting , payroll , and overtime management . It allows you to integrate a time-clock application with a Square account . Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online , in-person , or in-app to manage products and customers . Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances .
 The Square Transactions API provides a way to authorize and capture online payments , link payments with orders for itemized transactions , and link transactions to customer profiles for recurring payments . Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online , in-person , or in-app to manage products and customers . Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances .
 The Square Webhooks API provides real-time notifications with Connect API events or Point of Sale payments . The Square Webhook integration includes services for events , subscriptions and notifications . Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online , in-person , or in-app to manage products and customers . Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances .
 The Square Inventory Webhooks API allows you to build real-time notifications for all relevant inventory items and events . It sends a notification when the quantity is updated for a catalog item variation . The Inventory API provides a way to manage inventory counts and integrate with 3rd party tracking software , to accept inventory adjustments and physical counts for quantities of item variations and transitions . Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online , in-person , or in-app to manage products and customers . Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances .
 The TurtleCoin Wallet RPC API returns virtual coin data to send to friends and businesses . TurtleCoin RPC Wallet is an HTTP server that provides examples in Shell , JavaScript , PHP , Python , and Go languages .
 The Open Banking Nigeria API is a specification that enables Nigerian financial institutions with the ability to develop API endpoints to integrate with mobile and web applications . It is an Open Banking API that provides services for third party developers , financial service providers , banks , Fintechs , and other users ; to retrieve branch information , get ATMs within a geographic location , send feedback to the bank or financial institution and more . Currently , Open Banking Nigeria standards can only be implemented and supported for licensed financial services providers in Nigeria . Open Banking Nigeria provides services to build API standards for the Nigerian financial industry .
 The PineLabs Payment Gateway provides access to payment services that includes multi-acquiring , Brand EMI , Scheme validation and others . It allows you to integrate with PineLabs Payment Gateway to receive payments from customers via card , net banking , wallets , UPI and more . PineLabs is a merchant platform company that provides financing and last-mile retail transaction technology to merchants in 3700 cities and towns across India and Malaysia .
 Finastra provides consumer banking , corporate banking , lending , payments , treasury and capital markets APIs . Authentication is required with OAuth2 and callbacks are available with JSON format in return .
 Al Baraka Islamic Bank provides regional banking , financial products , and services in the Persian Gulf , Middle East , and North Africa , and shares the interest-free profit with customers .
 The Quidax Merchant WebSocket API enables developers with access to real-time data channels , that will push the changes of the order book and market transaction data to the user . Quidax provides a way to integrate fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies into new and existing applications . This includes ; Bitcoin , Ethereum , Litecoin , XRP and more . Quidax supports buying and selling cryptocurrencies from your local currency .
 This GraphQL service is replacing the REST version of this API , which will be sunseted in December , 2019 . The Kiva API gives you access to the world's first person-to-person micro-lending website , which empowers individuals to lend directly to unique entrepreneurs in the developing world . Kiva is a nonprofit organization .
 The Rendity API returns real estate investment data in JSON format . Rendity is a online real estate investments platform that supports 7 % P.A. return without fees . The API returns data including category , return rate , duration , funding and images .
 The PrimeTrust Product API can access account opening , deposits , withdraws , and internal transfers data in JSON API specifications . Developers can retrieve custody , stablecoin , and exchange information with GET , POST , PATCH , and DELETE verbs . Prime Trust provides APIs and financial infrastructure solutions for the digital economy .
 The PrimeTrust Account Opening and Management API returns account information and displays account access . To interact with endpoints , developers can create a user . PrimeTrust provides instructions . Developers can authenticate with a JSON web token to make calls that will display JSON format in return . Prime Trust provides APIs and financial infrastructure solutions for the digital economy .
 The PrimeTrust API provides financial services including escrow payment handling data . The API enables account set up to accept payments , investment options , and fund dispersion . Developers can authenticate with an API Key to make calls that will return JSON responses . Prime Trust provides APIs and financial infrastructure solutions for the digital economy .
 The Fabrick Platform exposes RESTful web APIs that are provided by an independent company that has joined the Fabrick ecosystem and has chosen to expose its services on the Fabrick Platform . API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key used for authentication . The Fabrick Platform provides an open financial ecosystem to foster collaborations that create innovative solutions for end customers via an API .
 This Fabrick Financial Advisory API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to manage the creation of an investment advice for securities accounts . This includes the ability to ; retrieve a list of accounts for a specified advisor , retrieve the details of an existing account , create new investment advice on the specified dossier and account and more . The Fabric Platform exposes RESTful web APIs that are provided by an independent company that has joined the Fabrick ecosystem and has chosen to expose its services on the Fabrick Platform . API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication . The Fabrick Platform provides an open financial ecosystem to foster collaborations that create innovative solutions for end customers via an API .
 The Vulekamali Datastore API provides access to the data and resources on the Vulekamali data portal , which contains budget summaries for South African government departments . Vulekamali is a joint effort by the National Treasury and Imali Yethu to make South Africa's National and Provincial budget data more accessible to the public . The datastore is built using the open-source CKAN software .
 Tickeron offers summaries and technical analysis data for any stock , ETF , and cryptocurrency . This information is provided via RSS feed . Tickeron is a financial marketplace powered by artificial intelligence .
 This Fabrick Customer Information API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to retrieve customer information , such as personal data , related subjects , documentation and lists of accounts and cards . This includes the ability to retrieve the details of an authenticated user , retrieve a list of related subjects for an authenticated user , retrieve a list of available documents for an authenticated user and more . API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication . The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications .
 This Fabrick Equity Crowdfunding Portals API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to integrate order payment services in online equity crowdfunding portals . This includes the ability to retrieve a list of companies , create a new campaign , update the details of an existing campaign and more . API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication . The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications .
 This Fabrick Payments PagoPA API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to execute , book and search payments on the PagoPA circuit . This includes the ability to ; create a PagoPA payment order , retrieve a list of PagoPA orders , retrieve the details of a specific PagoPA order and more . API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication . The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications .
 This Fabrick Payments Postal Forms API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to execute , book and search payments of postal forms . This includes the ability to create a postal form payment order , retrieve a list of postal form orders , retrieve the details of a specific postal form order and more . API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication . The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications .
 This Fabrick Payments Money Transfers API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to execute , book and search money transfers . This includes the ability to create a SCT payment order , retrieve the details of a specific SCT order , Search SCT orders on a specific account and more . API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication . The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications .
 This Fabrick Payments F24 API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to execute , book and search F24 payments . This includes the ability to create a new F24-Simple order , retrieve an existing F24-Simple order , delete a booked F24-Simple order and more . API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication . The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications .
 This Fabrick Payments CBILL API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to execute , book and search payments on the CBILL circuit . This includes the ability to create a CBILL payment order , retrieve a list of all CBILL orders on a specific account , cancel a previously booked CBILL order and more . API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication . The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications .
 This Fabrick Credit Debit Card Management API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to manage credit and debit payment cards . This includes the ability to retrieve all the cards , retrieve the details of a specific card , retrieve the balance of a credit card and more . API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication . The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications .
 This Fabrick Cash Account Management API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to manage cash accounts , and access to account lists , balances and transaction lists . This includes the ability to retrieve a list of accounts , retrieve the balance of a specific cash account , retrieve the reserved entry list of an account and more . API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication . The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications .
 This Fabrick Video Conferencing System API is a Bandyer service that provides endpoints to manage a web video conferencing system that can be integrated into any application . This includes services to create a user for a specified company , retrieve a list of users for a company and more . API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication . The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications .
 This Fabrick Cash Account Utils API is a Banca Sella service that provides utility endpoints for cash account management . This includes the ability to check if the execution date / time is valid for a new SCT Order , retrieve a list of valid execution dates of a new SCT Order and more . The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications .
 This Fabrick Payments Postal SCT-Inst API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to execute and search SCT-Inst money transfers . This includes the ability to create a SCT-Inst payment order , retrieve the details of a specific SCT-Inst order and more . API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication . The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications .
 This Fabrick eCommerce Solution Payments API is a Axerve service that provides the APIs for eCommerce payments management to Creates a new payment , Retrieves an existing payment , Charge an authorized payment and more . API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication . The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications .
 This Financial Instruments Closing Prices API is a Fabrick service to retrieve the closing prices of financial instruments and search the closing prices of a list of financial instruments . The Fabric Platform exposes RESTful web APIs that are provided by an independent company that has joined the Fabrick ecosystem and has chosen to expose its services on the Fabrick Platform . API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication . The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications .
 This Fabrick Advanced POS Management API is a Axerve service that enables the management of your POS network , providing access to sales transactions , money transfers and documentation . The Fabric Platform exposes RESTful web APIs that are provided by an independent company that has joined the Fabrick ecosystem and has chosen to expose its services on the Fabrick Platform . API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication . The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications .
 This Platform Utils API enables users to retrieve the complete list of values for the specified enumeration and retrieve the description of the specified enumeration value . The Fabric Platform exposes RESTful web APIs that are provided by an independent company that has joined the Fabrick ecosystem and has chosen to expose its services on the Fabrick Platform . API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication . The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications .
 This Fabrick Acceptance POS and Cash API is a Axerve service that enables the management of your POS network , providing access to sales transactions , money transfers and documentation . The Fabric Platform exposes RESTful web APIs that are provided by an independent company that has joined the Fabrick ecosystem and has chosen to expose its services on the Fabrick Platform . API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication . The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications .
 This Fabrick eCommerce Solution Payment Page API is a Axerve service that enables users to retrieve the available payment provider list for a specified payment , retrieve the details of a specific payment provider and more . The Fabric Platform exposes RESTful web APIs that are provided by an independent company that has joined the Fabrick ecosystem and has chosen to expose its services on the Fabrick Platform . API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication . The Fabrick Platform provides an open financial ecosystem to foster collaborations that create innovative solutions for end customers via an API .
 This Fabrick eCommerce Solution Tokenization API is a Axerve service that provides the APIs for tokenization . It enables users to Create a new card token , Retrieve a list of card tokens and more . The Fabric Platform exposes RESTful web APIs that are provided by an independent company that has joined the Fabrick ecosystem and has chosen to expose its services on the Fabrick Platform . API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication . The Fabrick Platform provides an open financial ecosystem to foster collaborations that create innovative solutions for end customers via an API .
 The Finastra Payment Search API retrieves a list of payment requests that were received . Developers can authenticate with OAuth2 . Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment .
 The Unicorn Binance Websocket API returns analytics data such as financial trade , kline , ticker , and depth public data . Developers can authenticate with an API Key . Unicorn Data Analysis FZC is a trading , investment and consulting firm headquartered in Dubai .
 The Finastra Lending Deposits API returns a list savings account and direct deposit account , or similar . Lenders can filter accounts by minimum balance and interest . Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment .
 The Kony Streaming API returns stream data in JSON format . With the API , developers can monitor live stream data available in servers . Kony provides digital and mobile application development services .
 The TraderMade API provides Forex and CFD quotes . Developers are offered JSON formatted data to analyze market information with low latency . This API requires API Keys for authentication . TraderMade supports historical and live requests . Interested developers can contact the provider for API documentation .
 The Finastra Payment Request Pay Now Pay Later Reject API retrieves JSON data to reject a payment , pay now , pay later , and obtain the full status of a payment . Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment .
 The Finastra Transaction Enquiries API retrieves the user audit history on the particular transaction . Authenticate with OAuth2 to make calls that display JSON format in return . Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment .
 The Finastra FX Rates API converts the given amount for the pair of currencies . Developers can authenticate with OAuth2 to make calls that receive JSON response in return . Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment .
 The Finastra Receivables Check Inquiry API retrieves images associated with a check . Developers can authenticate with OAuth2 to make calls that return JSON formats . Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment .
 The Finastra Membership Validation API returns data of given bank identifier ( BIC or NCC ) , scheme , and service . Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment .
 The Finastra Forex Spot Trade Capture API returns a list of trades , creates new Forex spot trade , and gets details of a Forex spot trade . Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment .
 The Rabobank Account Information API provides access to balance and transaction data for Rabobank payment accounts . It allows you to deliver consented payment accounts for a specific Rabobank customer , deliver balance for one or more consented payment accounts and more . Examples are available for Ruby , Python , PHP , Java , Node , Go , Swift , C , C# and cURL . This API is designed to be used by certified Payment Initiation and Account Information Service Providers . Rabobank provides financial services that access ways to make payments , invest , get a mortgage , save money and more .
 The Rabobank Confirmation Availability Funds API verifies when a specific amount of funds are available on an account . Examples are available for Ruby , Python , PHP , Java , Node , Go , Swift , C , C# and cURL . This API is designed to be used by certified Payment Initiation and Account Information Service Providers . Rabobank provides financial services that access ways to make payments , invest , get a mortgage , save money and more .
 The Rabobank Payment Initiation API allows transactions to be initiated for the PSD2 Payment Initiation Service . Examples are available for Ruby , Python , PHP , Java , Node , Go , Swift , C , C# and cURL . This API is designed to be used by certified Payment Initiation and Account Information Service Providers . Rabobank provides financial services that access ways to make payments , invest , get a mortgage , save money and more .
 The Rabobank Payment Request API provides the ability for Third Parties to create and manage payment requests for domestic Rabobank accounts . Examples are available for Ruby , Python , PHP , Java , Node , Go , Swift , C , C# and cURL . This API is designed to be used by certified Payment Initiation and Account Information Service Providers . Rabobank provides financial services that access ways to make payments , invest , get a mortgage , save money and more .
 The Rabobank PSD2 Enrollment API enables you with the ability to enroll automatically at Rabobank . It allows you to request production access for certified PSD2 AISPs and PISPs . A production account is created for the developer , to gain access to the PSD2 API products . The enrollment API requires an email address as a parameter , with the supplied email address assigned as a username . Examples are available for Ruby , Python , PHP , Java , Node , Go , Swift , C , C# and cURL . This API is designed to be used by certified Payment Initiation and Account Information Service Providers . Rabobank provides financial services that access ways to make payments , invest , get a mortgage , save money and more .
 The Rabobank OAuth API provides the ability to obtain tokens for OAuth 2.0 secured Rabobank API's . Examples are available for Ruby , Python , PHP , Java , Node , Go , Swift , C , C# and cURL . This API is designed to be used by certified Payment Initiation and Account Information Service Providers . Rabobank provides financial services that access ways to make payments , invest , get a mortgage , save money and more .
 The Finastra Loan Status API returns the status of a loan . Developers can authenticate with OAuth2 . Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment .
 The Finastra Sweep Inquiry Execution API gets all sweep execution results for a given client . JSON formats are available to make calls to the API . Authentication required with OAuth2 . Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment .
 The Finastra Financial Ratios API returns the financial spread ratios by the unique Party ID ( GUID ) . Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment .
 The Finastra Exchange Rates and Currency Conversion API returns the latest foreign exchange reference rates . Rates are quoted against the Euro by default . Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment .
 The Finastra Rate Search LOS API returns a list of product and rates that apply to the provided loan scenario . Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment .
 The Finastra Corporate Profile API returns JSON data with the details of a corporate bank . Developers can authenticate with OAuth2 . Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment .
 The Finastra Collateral API returns data to secure loans , calculate creditworthiness , and predict the risk associated with a loan . The calls return current values and types of collateral a lender has in their system . Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment .
 The Finastra Customer Account Information API returns data in JSON format . It gives authorization for external access to his account information . Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment .
 The Finastra Banking B2C API returns banking data for business to consumers in JSON formats . Developers can authenticate with OAuth2 . Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment .
 The Finastra Retail Banking Payments API transfers funds between accounts . Developers can authenticate with OAuth to make calls that display JSON format in return . Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment .
 The Finastra Banking Alerts API returns alerts features to implement into banking applications . Developers can use JSON formats and authenticate with OAuth2 . Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment .
 The Finastra Remote Deposit Capture API returns JSON data with eligible check deposit accounts for a consumer .
 The Finastra Customer Internal Transfers B2C API returns JSON formats with business to consumer data . Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment .
 The SEON API provides anti-fraud protection for applications including digital fingerprints . The SEON API is available by request . Visit https://developers.seon.io/ to register for an API Key . SEON Technologies provides fraud prevention services .
 The MicroBilt Criminal Records Search API is a web service that identifies criminal records that have been aggregated and made available for online access from state departments of corrections , county and state courts , sex offender registries and more . MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses . It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services . This includes ; fraud prevention , consumer financing , debt collection , and background screening . MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace .
 The MicroBilt Bank Account Verify API is a web service that accesses over one billion ACH and check transactions on more than 100 million consumers . It helps lenders and other businesses evaluate the credit and fraud risk associated with a submitted bank account . MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses . It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services . This includes ; fraud prevention , consumer financing , debt collection , and background screening . MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace .
 The MicroBilt SSN-Phone Verification API is a web service that verifies whether a submitted Social Security Number matches a submitted phone number . Coverage varies by State and license type . MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses . It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services . This includes ; fraud prevention , consumer financing , debt collection , and background screening . MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace .
 The MicroBilt Bank Account Search API is a web service that leverages multiple sources of data to locate and verify Bank Routing and Account Numbers associated to an individual , while only delivering accounts verified to be low risk . MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses . It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services . This includes ; fraud prevention , consumer financing , debt collection , and background screening . MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace .
 The MicroBilt SSN-Address Verification API is a web service that verifies whether a submitted Social Security Number matches a submitted address . Coverage varies by State and license type . MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses . It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services . This includes ; fraud prevention , consumer financing , debt collection , and background screening . MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace .
 The MicroBilt Enhanced People Search API is a web service that will locate and verify current and previous addresses , phone numbers , aliases , SSN . DOB and other identifying information about an individual from public records , credit bureau data , compiled and listed telephone databases and other sources . MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses . It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services . This includes ; fraud prevention , consumer financing , debt collection , and background screening . MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace .
 The MicroBilt Bankruptcy Search API is a web service that returns bankruptcy filings on an individual or business including debtor name , address , filing information , liability amount , and more . MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses . It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services . This includes ; fraud prevention , consumer financing , debt collection , and background screening . MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace .
 The MicroBilt Phone Search API is a web service that appends landline , wireless and VOIP phone numbers as available to a submitted name and address . MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses . It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services . This includes ; fraud prevention , consumer financing , debt collection , and background screening . MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace .
 The MicroBilt DL Format Validation API is a web service that confirms that the submitted driver ’s license formatting is the correct format as stipulated for the submitted state . MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses . It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services . This includes ; fraud prevention , consumer financing , debt collection , and background screening . MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace .
 The MicroBilt Watchlist Search API is a web service that appends any data included in OFAC / Watchlist records as matched to a submitted individual or business . Coverage varies by State and license type . MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses . It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services . This includes ; fraud prevention , consumer financing , debt collection , and background screening . MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace .
 The MicroBilt Phone-Name Verification API is a web service that verifies that a submitted phone number matches the submitted name . MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses . It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services . This includes ; fraud prevention , consumer financing , debt collection , and background screening . MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace .
 The MicroBilt Reverse Phone Search API is a web service that returns all names and addresses associated with a submitted phone number . Coverage varies by State and license type . MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses . It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services . This includes ; fraud prevention , consumer financing , debt collection , and background screening . MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace .
 The MicroBilt Professional License Search API is a web service that will verify or locate an individual ’s professional licensing info for ; license number , date of issuance and more . Coverage varies by State and license type . MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses . It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services . This includes ; fraud prevention , consumer financing , debt collection , and background screening . MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace .
 The MicroBilt SSN Validation API is a web service that confirms whether or not a submitted Social Security Number is valid or invalid . Coverage varies by State and license type . MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses . It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services . This includes ; fraud prevention , consumer financing , debt collection , and background screening . MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace .
 The Nordea Credit Transfer API in REST architecture consumes JSON objects and returns responses as JSON objects . Developers can authenticate with an API Key . Nordea is a Nordic financial services provider .
 The Nordea Domestic Transfer API in REST architecture displays domestic transfer data in financial applications . Developers can authenticate with an API Key to make calls that will return JSON formats as responses . Nordea is a Nordic financial services provider .
 The MicroBilt SSN-Name Verification API is a web service that verifies whether a submitted Social Security Number matches a submitted name . Coverage varies by State and license type . MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses . It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services . This includes ; fraud prevention , consumer financing , debt collection , and background screening . MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace .
 The MicroBilt IP Address Validation API is a web service that returns a submitted IP Address ’ region , latitude and longitude , and other related attributes . MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses . It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services . This includes ; fraud prevention , consumer financing , debt collection , and background screening . MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace .
 The MicroBilt IP NADA Vehicle Pricing API is a web service that delivers valuation data for specified used vehicles based on VIN , including vehicle make / model / body style and values for retail , trade-in and loans . MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses . It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services . This includes ; fraud prevention , consumer financing , debt collection , and background screening . MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace .
 The MicroBilt Phone-Address Verification API is a web service that verifies that a submitted home or mobile phone number matches the submitted address . MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses . It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services . This includes ; fraud prevention , consumer financing , debt collection , and background screening . MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace .
 The Blossom Finance REST API enables developers to utilize blockchain based investment tools . It returns JSON formatted data for retrieving campaigns , creating an investment , listing available Smart Contracts and more . Blossom uses shariah compliant " sukuk " models , that support U.N. sustainable development goals ( SDGs ) to create and grow micro-enterprises aimed at poverty reduction . Blossom Finance is a sukuk blockchain that supports social impact investments for a market securities platform .
 The MicroBilt Email Search API is a web service that appends known email addresses that are associated with a submitted individual ’s name and physical address . MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses . It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services . This includes ; fraud prevention , consumer financing , debt collection , and background screening . MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace .
 The MicroBilt Death Master File Validation API is a web service that confirms whether a submitted individual is listed as deceased , SSN , and in which city and state it is listed . MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses . It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services . This includes ; fraud prevention , consumer financing , debt collection , and background screening . MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace .
 The MicroBilt Address Validation and Standardization API is a web service that checks that a submitted address matches the provided individual's name . MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses . It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services . This includes ; fraud prevention , consumer financing , debt collection , and background screening . MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace .
 The FDIC Bank Data API returns bank , financial , and insurance data in JSON and CSV formats . Users can retrieve banking institution demographic and headquarter location data , plus FDIC-insured banks branches and locations and more with the API . Developers can authenticate with an API Key .
 The Interzoid Real-Time Currency Rates API delivers real-time exchange rates for major currencies around the world . Business users can integrate pricing , reporting , and financial analysis . Foreign exchange rates are updated and calculated to provide consistency with worldwide global currency trading .
 Sila provides a payments API for KYC , Bank Account , and ACH Transfers . The Sila API provides endpoints for creating and managing payment and other financial technology applications including check handles , register , check KYC , link account , get accounts , issue , transfer , redeem , get transactions and more . Sila is powered by blockchain technology .
 The World Bank Indicator API returns indicator queries about population , gross national income , and energy use in JSON and XML formats . With the API , developers can create applications targeting countries in development with data about food security , climate change , and access to energy .
 The Mutual-Fund API offers financial information associated with mutual funds . The API provides the latest Net Asset Values ( NAVs ) for a mutual fund or multiple mutual funds , and historical NAV values . Responses are JSON formatted .
 The IEX Cloud API returns financial data in JSON format . With the API , developers can integrate data about historical prices , income statements , insider transactions , IPO calendar , key stats , CEO information , cryptocurrency data , social sentiment , foreign exchange , US market volume and many other categories . IEX Cloud is a data platform for financial applications .
 The Corporate Earnings Calendar API provides JSON responses with daily earnings as reported by registered companies . Developers can include an ISO 8601 date parameter for specific dates . This API is free to use and does not require authentication ; however , requests are limited to 1 query per second .
 The SeedCX API returns market data , initial margins , currencies , and collateralization through their public endpoints . Orders and accounts are available via private endpoints . SeedCX uses HMAC SHA-256 verification with API Keys to make calls that display JSON in return . Seed CX is a regulated , institutional exchange and settlement platform for digital assets .
 The ETNA WebSockets API allows developers low latency access to streaming data . Implementing the streaming client provides pushed messages for indicating quotes , orders , positions and other events . The ETNA OMS API provides multi-asset trading functionality that supports integrating fractional shares trading . This includes functions for : Automated Trading Operations , Monitor and manage trading activity in real time , Maintain positions Downloads and more . ETNA provides a white label online trading platform for ETNA Trader , HTML5 , mobile , customizable trading , disruptive pricing models and more .
 The Calcbench API returns financial , accounting , and enterprise data . Developers can authenticate with a token to make calls that will display JSON format in return . API access is not included in the standard Calcbench subscription . Contact Calcbench before developing a project .
 The Basware Network REST API provides a way to interact with a network of over a million businesses and allows you to ; deliver and receive business documents , follow the life cycle of business documents by sending and receiving notifications , send and receive files related to business documents and more . Basware enables you with the ability to send and receive invoice data in JSON format . Basware is a Global leader in networked PurchaseToPay , invoicing and innovative financing services , that connects businesses globally .
 Nationwide offers insurance and financial services across the United States . It provides a collection of APIs that enable developers to integrate its services into third-party applications .
 The IEX Trading API returns stocks and financial data in JSONP format . Access is open and authentication is not required . With the API , developers can implement trading status , auctions , official prices , effective spreads , and volume by venues . The API includes symbols , corporate actions , and dividends as references . IEX Group is the operator of Investors Exchange ( IEX ) , a stock exchange for U.S. equities .
 The UniBit API provides real time and historical financial data , as well as financial news . Access stock prices , company financials , insider trades , and more ! UniBit provides financial data and information including real-time stock prices , real-time crypto prices , core financials and more .
 The Nationwide Telematics Connected Car API provides connected car functionality for external partners that interact with Nationwide Telematics . This API includes methods for posting and managing pre-qualified offers along with their related scores and discounts .
 Nationwide offers insurance and financial services across the United States . It provides a collection of APIs that enable developers to integrate its services into third-party applications .
 Nationwide offers insurance and financial services across the United States . It provides a collection of APIs that enable developers to integrate its services into third-party applications .
 Nationwide offers insurance and financial services across the United States . It provides a collection of APIs that enable developers to integrate its services into third-party applications .
 Nationwide offers insurance and financial services across the United States . It provides a collection of APIs that enable developers to integrate its services into third-party applications .
 The Financial Modeling Prep API returns income statements , balance sheet data , cash flow statements , stock prices , cryptocurrencies , and stock market index . Financial Modeling Prep informs users about stock markets information ( news , currencies and stock prices ) and financial modeling methodology .
 Nationwide offers insurance and financial services across the United States . It provides a collection of APIs that enable developers to integrate its services into third-party applications .
 Nationwide offers insurance and financial services across the United States . It provides a collection of APIs that enable developers to integrate its services into third-party applications .
 The ING Open Banking OAuth API provides a way for third parties to connect to ING APIs using the OAuth 2.0 protocol for authentication and authorization . The API supports client credentials , authorization code and refresh token . ING Open Banking provides a developer platform to programmatically access ING banking account data . It is open banking that supports international networking and omnichannel distribution , with the goal of contributing to a sustainable world .
 The ING Open Banking Payment Initiation API provides secure access to all European ING online accessible payment accounts , to create a payment initiation . ING Open Banking provides a developer platform to programmatically access ING banking account data . It is open banking that supports international networking and omnichannel distribution , with the goal of contributing to a sustainable world .
 The ING Open Banking Showcase API exposes operations on the Open Banking Platform . It shows the functionality of the platform in action on the marketplace and is accessible to internal and external applications . ING Open Banking provides a developer platform to programmatically access ING banking account data . It is open banking that supports international networking and omnichannel distribution , with the goal of contributing to a sustainable world .
 The Nationwide Auto Quote API allows users to get a rate for an auto policy based on minimal input information . Required info includes the client's personal household information ( name , address , date of birth , marital status , gender , etc. ) , car information , and garaging address .
 Nationwide offers insurance and financial services across the United States . It provides a collection of APIs that enable developers to integrate its services into third-party applications .
 The Intrinio Financial Data Platform API provides access to financial data feeds that returns data that is available for download in the CSV format . The Intrinio Data Marketplace utilizes financial data feeds sourced by proprietary processes and outside data vendors . Authentication and access to this data requires an API Key . Intrinio is a financial data marketplace that is restriction-free with self-sign up , and chat support .
 The AffiniPay Payment Gateway API in REST architecture processes payments for merchants . With the API , users can move funds between banks using accounts and routing numbers via TLS 1.2 secure data . Developers can send HTTP requests to receive JSON responses , including error information .
 The AffiniPay Authentication API returns JSON data to authorize access to AffiniPay merchant accounts . With the API , developers can request access tokens including client ID , client secret , grant type , scope , and redirect URL , and code as parameters .
 The Kraken Websockets API provides real-time notifications with several publications including tickers , trades for a currency pair , spreads , and can be used to subscribe to a topic on a single or multiple currency pairs . All sent and received messages must be JSON formatted .
 The RapidLEI API provides a way to register and issue accredited LOU / LEI Legal Entity Identifiers . The API allows you to integrate LEI registration and issuance into applications and workflows that includes ; Create New LEI , Import Existing LEI , Check LEI Order Status and more . RapidLEI is a Ubisecure GLEIF accredited service that automates the LEI creation process to deliver and issue LEIs to legal entities .
 The TrueLayer Authentication API provides access to customer authentication and client authorization . This service is authentication for access to TrueLayer account data that allows you to access financial data on the customer ’s behalf , using OAuth 2.0 . The TrueLayer infrastructure supports tools to integrate financial services products and banking systems with various financial institutions and third party applications .
 The Plaid Webhooks API provides notifications for Transactions , Item , Income and Assets . The Plaid API allows developers to integrate transaction and account data from most major financial institutions into third party applications . Plaid provides services to empower innovators by delivering access to financial systems .
 The TrueLayer Payments API is a Restful service that is currently in Beta . It provides a way to initiate a payment transaction for customers to transfer funds directly to your bank account in order to receive money instantly . The Payments API enables you to create and query payment resources , requiring an access token for authorization . You will need to get specific permission assigned in order to make a call to the Payments API . TrueLayer allows applications to connect securely with a customers bank to read their financial data or initiate payments using the Open Banking APIs for all available banks . The TrueLayer infrastructure supports tools to integrate financial service products and banking systems with various financial institutions and third party applications .
 The TrueLayer Data API is a Restful service that provides a way to retrieve personal information , account numbers and transaction data . All endpoints require authorization using an access token , with responses returned in JSON format . TrueLayer allows applications to connect securely with a customers bank to read their financial data or initiate payments using the Open Banking APIs for all available banks . The TrueLayer infrastructure supports tools to integrate financial service products and banking systems with various financial institutions and third party applications .
 The TrueLayer Status API provides the availability and error rates of the TrueLayer Data API . It retrieves Data API status , grouped by hour , provider and endpoint with responses that are JSON formatted . TrueLayer allows applications to connect securely with a customers bank to read their financial data or initiate payments using the Open Banking APIs for all available banks . The TrueLayer infrastructure supports tools to integrate financial services products and banking systems with various financial institutions and third party applications .
 The CoinGecko API enables live cryptocurrency and cryptoexchanges data . The API provides trading volume , pricing , tickers , exchanges , historical data , coin information , and global markets . Over 4,000 cryptoassets and 300 cryptoexchanges are available . This data is delivered in JSON format , and is limited to 100 requests per minute .
 The TazWorks CreditConnect API provides a RESTfull interface to interact with and gain access to Experian credit reports . This includes JSON formatted data for ; Resellers , Users , Background results and more . To obtain an API Key and set up an account , it is required that you provide the IP Addresses that will be accessing the CreditConnect API , as it utilizes IP Address Whitelisting and HTTP Basic Authentication . CreditConnect provides hosted solutions with the tools to add Experian Connect capabilities to existing platforms . TazWorks is background screening software for employment , tenant , drug screening and more .
 The PayJoy Retail Partner API provides access to flexible queries of PayJoy data that includes ; List Clerks , List Merchants , Lookup Customer , Lookup Cart and more . It is a Rest service that requires an API key with content that is returned in JSON format . It is recommended to use your own ‘ start of day ’ and ‘ end of day ’ times with all timestamps returned in UNIX time format . PayJoy provides access to consumer finance and smartphone technology , to emerging and under-served markets globally .
 This service offers Webhook functionality for all transaction types for the PayJoy Retail Partner API . To receive webhooks , a URL must be configured in the admin console . The PayJoy Retail Partner API provides access to flexible queries of PayJoy data that includes ; List Clerks , List Merchants , Lookup Customer , Lookup Cart and more . PayJoy provides access to consumer finance and smartphone technology , to emerging and under-served markets globally .
 The PayJoy Lock API is a Rest service that allows you to return information about a device , claim a registered device , update the device expiration and more . This is a PayJoy device locking service for finance partners that have their own registration , checkout , and underwriting process as opposed to the PayJoy checkout and underwriting process . When partners call the Lock API it provides a way to control specific devices ; whose changes are propagated from PayJoy servers to the device asynchronously . The API includes anti-fraud techniques such as anti-rooting / jailbreaking and anti-SIM / PN swapping and allows you to ; register and take ownership of a device , lock a device at a particular time if payment is not made and permanently unlock a device after it is fully paid . PayJoy provides access to consumer finance and smartphone technology , to emerging and under-served markets globally .
 Daneel is a blockchain news curation API that developers can use to return the sentiment for a cryptocurrency . The sentiment is calculated by analyzing different sources of information including Twitter , Reddit , Bitcoin talk , News and Facebook ( coming soon ) . API methods are available to retrieve market news , score , price , sentiment , and trends .
 The Earthport Webhooks API is used to send account-related event notifications to the specified endpoint . This API is useful to alert when deposits are made to an account or when payments are returned . Earthport is a payment processing platform which allows for fast , cheap and transparent cross-border payments . The API uses OAuth 2.0 for authentication . The supported media type is JSON .
 With this API , you can connect your applications to users' bank accounts from all Nordic banks to create simple solutions for the future . The API can be used for account aggregation , transaction categorization and new payment initiatives that will benefit both you and your customers . This provides you with valuable data capture that ’s easy to build on top of allowing you to focus on creating new digital services .
 FXMarketAPI is a REST API with both live and historical currency exchange rates . The API's data is accessed with an API key with the response as a JSON object . Examples in PHP ( CURL ) , Python and jQuery are also available . This is not a broker feed as the data is sourced from an aggregated feed of institutional providers of currently traded rates that are used by banks globally . FXMarketAPI provides an institutional quality currency exchange rates API for developers , that accesses historical exchange rates for 40 + Currencies that are delivered in Real-Time .
 TheRockTrading Market API allows you to you Get all trades , Get all currencies info , Get single currency info , Get all funds and more . TheRockTrading is full featured digital institution incorporated in Europe that specializes in math currencies . They provide a Bitcoin exchange platform that allows you to trade different crypto currencies and tokens .
 TheRockTrading Trading API allows you to access user trades , cancel orders , place orders , and more . TheRockTrading is full featured digital institution incorporated in Europe that specializes in math currencies . They provide a Bitcoin exchange platform that allows you to trade different crypto currencies and tokens .
 The TradeStation API returns JSON formats with trading and stocks data . A simulator is available to explore API behavior , test apps and websites , and host trading and games . TradeStation provides online brokerage services .
 TheRockTrading Margin Trading API allows you to you borrow money to buy or sell on trades for more money than you have . It is not recommended to use margin trading unless you are an experienced trader . Only partial funds and currency pairs are enabled for margin trading , with the possibility of each having different leverage levels . The Some features include ; the ability open an order , list positions , check status , check a specifics , close at market , list main positions , transfer balance and more . TheRockTrading is full featured digital institution incorporated in Europe that specializes in math currencies . They provide a Bitcoin exchange platform that allows you to trade different crypto currencies and tokens .
 TheRockTrading Websocket public API uses WebSockets to access data that is available from TheRockTrading service . It is a WebSocket feed that provides real time market data , information about trades , order books and more . TheRockTrading is full featured digital institution incorporated in Europe that specializes in math currencies . They provide a Bitcoin exchange platform that allows you to trade different crypto currencies and tokens .
 The EOD Historical Data Stock Price Data API returns JSON and CSV formats with the end of day historical data of the stock market . Developers can authenticate with an API token . EOD Historical Data provides historical prices and fundamental financial data services .
 The EOD Historical Data Upcoming Earnings API returns JSON and CSV formats with financial calendar data . Developers can implement earnings , initial public offerings ( IPOs ) , and splits . EOD Historical Data provides historical prices and fundamental financial data services .
 The Visa Funds Transfer Attributes Inquiry API retrieves payment account data . The API sends requests and returns responses about transfers in JSON or XML format .
 The Spotware Connect Trading Open API allows access to account information for trading history , positions , pending order , permissions to trade , Send market orders , pending orders and more . cTrader provides Forex platforms for traders that is developed by Spotware Systems .
 The Spotware Connect Accounts Open API allows you to get information about Trading account details , trading and cash-flow history , available symbols and more . cTrader provides Forex platforms for traders that is developed by Spotware Systems .
 The PayJoy API returns JSON data with payments , finance orders , partner contracts , amounts , currency , and client data . API Key is required to authenticate . Visit https://www.payjoy.com/about/ to learn more about PayJoy . PayJoy partners with financial institutions and retailers around the world to get customers access to credit . PayJoy is offered globally .
 The Spotware 2.0 Open API is a Protocol Buffer based service that allows third-party service providers with the ability to integrate tools and applications for trading and analysis . This service provides access to the Spotware platform for data and functionality that includes all the required cTID data , market data and all possible trading operations on behalf of other cTrader users . It is designed to use protocol buffers to retrieve accounts information , market data , and trading data . This open API has no restrictions and it is supported by cTrader broker trading . cTrader provides Forex platforms for traders that is developed by Spotware Systems .
 The Live Market API offers real-time market data from 10,000 assets including cryptocurrencies , commodities , major indices , ETFs , Forex , and stocks . The API has a REST architecture and returns information in JSON format .
 The Intrinio Financial Data API provides programmatic access to more than 200 financial data feeds . These feeds cover hundreds of fundamental ratios and metrics , including intraday and historical stock prices and standardized US company fundamentals . This API is RESTful and provides responses in JSON format . Developers will need to sign up to get an API key .
 AMFI is a nodal association of mutual funds across India . AMFI provides useful knowledge and insights regarding mutual funds and investments . For more information , visit https://www.amfiindia.com/ .
 The solarisBank API returns Digital Banking responses in JSON format . With the API , developers can implement customer identification , account management , and payment methods . Information available in English and German . solarisBank provides APIs for developers to create fully licensed state of the art financial solutions .
 The Blockstream Satellite API is currently in Beta and is utilizing Lightning Testnet method for payment . The Blockstream RESTful Satellite API responds with a JSON object and allows you to submit messages for broadcast , that support broadcasting secure messaging , alternative blockchains , a global podcast and more . It provides a way to create applications that broadcast messages globally using the Blockstream Satellite network . It is open for anyone to integrate the API into existing applications or build new services that can send both encrypted and unencrypted data . The Blockstream Satellite network broadcasts the Bitcoin blockchain for free . Blockstream aims to reduce reliance on trust , by providing global Bitcoin and blockchain technology for financial markets .
 The SynapseFi API returns banking and financial data including bank account , deposit account details , and domestic and international wire sources . The API uses a REST architecture , HTTP verbs , and JSON responses . Synapse Financial Technologies provides APIs and a banking infrastructure for building FinTech applications .
 The Alpaca Paper Trading API is used during the software development process , to test the algorithms in a simulated environment . This API is a Alpaca platform Broker Functions service for Paper trading , that is a real-time simulation environment to test your code . The Broker Functions side behaves like the live account except the orders are n’t routed to real exchanges . Alpaca provides a way to build and trade with real-time market data for free .
 The StellarExpert Explorer API returns analytics and statistical data for the Stellar Network , accessing information from payments' systems and banks' connections . Stellar is a non-profit open financial platform designed to promote global financial access .
 Upvest provides powerful APIs to interact with major open-source blockchains to help developers build blockchain applications faster , cheaper and more reliable . Interested developers can register for more information .
 The BBVA Consumer API provides account data for non-commercial customers . This API is used to create a consumer record which can be associated with Account Origination , Card Issuance and Move Money services . Additionally , this API validates a customer by taking their identifiable information . The API has a REST architecture with OAuth 2.0 used for authentication .
 CSIbridge provides financial institutions with secure , audited access to financial data and capabilities via its APIs .
 The Cashplus Payment API allows you to initiate single and batch domestic payments in GBP currency . These Restful Payment API endpoints , provide a way to initiate , approve or reject , and submit payments with requests and responses that use a UTF-8 character encoding . This API supports JSON and features the ability to ; create a single payment , submit a payment , create a batch payment , approve or reject a payment and more . Cashplus is a digital provider of real-time financial services that are unlike traditional banks .
 BlockMarkets API provides real-time and historical market data from the leading global cryptocurrency exchanges , including tick data , USD spot rates , OHLCV , and VWAP from 2010 for over 500 cryptoassets . The API provides JSON formatted responses and requires an API key . A free plan is available .
 CSIbridge provides financial institutions with secure , audited access to financial data and capabilities via its APIs .
 The Capital One Virtual Card Numbers API returns JSON data to simulate the use of a virtual card number instead of a physical card . Developers can acces the virtual card details and retrieve the virtual card status .
 The Capital One Money Movement API returns JSON data to create , and update customer transfers between Capital One accounts or between Capital One and non-Capital One accounts . OAuth is required to authenticate .
 Blend is a technology provider for brokers and loan teams . Blend offers tools that shorten loan cycles , and integrates intelligent conditioning which automatically requests financial data such as bank statements , business license , and credit checks . Current wholesale lenders can extend their brand digitally and improve efficiency . The API is accessible indirectly with the provided Go SDK .
 FINBOURNE LUSID is an advanced financial platform designed to improve usability , and simplify integration with current and legacy systems . LUSID is a REST-based OAuth 2.0 interface with JSON requests / responses used to access transactions , instruments , portfolios , holdings , and entity properties . Data provided by LUSID is segregated at the client level .
 Cryptoapis.io is a mostly RESTful JSON API for interacting with blockchains . Crypto APIs provides interoperability , through a coherent and advanced integration , with our all-in-one platform for crypto exchange market data and powerful blockchain endpoints .
 The Bread API returns JSON data and requires API Key to integrate payment options for eCommerce clients . With the API , developers can include a Bread button that allows customers to apply for credit products in a checkout flow , similar to applying for a loan for shopping online . Transaction and cart management also available . Bread helps retailers offer pay-over-time solutions . Bread is part of Cross River Bank , a New Jersey bank .
 The Modulr API provides a sandbox to produce a financial integration environment before app release . The API is REST , offers JSON format and token to authenticate . Modulr based in London , is an automatic payout enterprise . The API includes methods for managing payments , rules , accounts , and direct debits .
 The Stronghold Utilities API provides a way to retrieve the server time , to' ping' the Stronghold Platform and measure latency , Generate an RFC UUID . Stronghold is an altcoin exchange platform that provides the ability to trade cryptocurrencies with relatively fast transactions and minimal fees that is built on the Stellar network . Stronghold also operates an over-the-counter trading desk for large block trading and currently supports Bitcoin ( BTC ) , Ethereum ( ETH ) , Mobius ( MOBI ) and Lumens ( XLM ) .
 The Stronghold Venues API retrieves the venues with credential access that includes ; capabilities : as each venue differs in protocol and context , not all Platform APIs are supported on all venues . Stronghold provides access to USD payments , and blockchain trading APIs . Stronghold is an altcoin exchange platform that provides the ability to trade cryptocurrencies with relatively fast transactions and minimal fees that is built on the Stellar network . Stronghold also operates an over-the-counter trading desk for large block trading and currently supports Bitcoin ( BTC ) , Ethereum ( ETH ) , Mobius ( MOBI ) and Lumens ( XLM ) .
 The Stronghold Payments API provides a way to list available payment methods for an account , initiate a payment , retrieve details for a specific payment , stop or cancel an in progress payment and includes ; List payment methods , Initiate payment , Get payment and more . Stronghold is an altcoin exchange platform that provides the ability to trade cryptocurrencies with relatively fast transactions and minimal fees that is built on the Stellar network . Stronghold also operates an over-the-counter trading desk for large block trading and currently supports Bitcoin ( BTC ) , Ethereum ( ETH ) , Mobius ( MOBI ) and Lumens ( XLM ) .
 The Stronghold Know Your Customer Profiles API provides a way to verify customer identities for compliance . Stronghold is an altcoin exchange platform that provides the ability to trade cryptocurrencies with relatively fast transactions and minimal fees that is built on the Stellar network . Stronghold also operates an over-the-counter trading desk for large block trading and currently supports Bitcoin ( BTC ) , Ethereum ( ETH ) , Mobius ( MOBI ) and Lumens ( XLM ) .
 The Stronghold Assets API retrieves a list of known assets for the current venue for Get assets . Stronghold provides access to USD payments , and blockchain trading APIs . Stronghold is an altcoin exchange platform that provides the ability to trade cryptocurrencies with relatively fast transactions and minimal fees that is built on the Stellar network . Stronghold also operates an over-the-counter trading desk for large block trading and currently supports Bitcoin ( BTC ) , Ethereum ( ETH ) , Mobius ( MOBI ) and Lumens ( XLM ) .
 The Stronghold Anchor API service allows methods for moving funds in and out of the venue . Stronghold is an altcoin exchange platform that provides the ability to trade cryptocurrencies with relatively fast transactions and minimal fees that is built on the Stellar network . Stronghold also operates an over-the-counter trading desk for large block trading and currently supports Bitcoin ( BTC ) , Ethereum ( ETH ) , Mobius ( MOBI ) and Lumens ( XLM ) .
 The Stronghold Quotes API provides a way to generate a Stronghold quote . Stronghold is an altcoin exchange platform that provides the ability to trade cryptocurrencies with relatively fast transactions and minimal fees that is built on the Stellar network . Stronghold also operates an over-the-counter trading desk for large block trading and currently supports Bitcoin ( BTC ) , Ethereum ( ETH ) , Mobius ( MOBI ) and Lumens ( XLM ) .
 The Stronghold Trade API provides a way to retrieve a list of the markets on the venue , retrieve the orderbook for a given market , retrieve a list of historic trades for a given market and includes ; List markets , Get market order book , List market trades , Place order and more . Stronghold is an altcoin exchange platform that provides the ability to trade cryptocurrencies with relatively fast transactions and minimal fees that is built on the Stellar network . Stronghold also operates an over-the-counter trading desk for large block trading and currently supports Bitcoin ( BTC ) , Ethereum ( ETH ) , Mobius ( MOBI ) and Lumens ( XLM ) .
 The Stronghold Accounts API allows you to create a new account in the specified venue . Stronghold provides access to USD payments , and blockchain trading APIs . Stronghold is an altcoin exchange platform that provides the ability to trade cryptocurrencies with relatively fast transactions and minimal fees that is built on the Stellar network . Stronghold also operates an over-the-counter trading desk for large block trading and currently supports Bitcoin ( BTC ) , Ethereum ( ETH ) , Mobius ( MOBI ) and Lumens ( XLM ) .
 The Switch Cardsavr service is a card-on-file API that allows you to help cardholders update their new or reissued cards anywhere their payments are made online . Switch provides solutions to make online purchasing simple , by storing information for multiple websites , credit cards , and people . The Switch app collects different types of sensitive information , including : Credit card numbers , Website login and password , Email addresses , Mailing addresses and more . Switch will update this information across numerous websites with a focus on security .
 MarketFactory provides software-as-a-service to currency markets . The MarketFactory Whisperer API connects to over 80 ECN / Bank / Non-Bank FX venues for market data , trading and market making . With one connection , a customer can get the best prices , view all liquidity and make markets . Market data and orders are normalized between all FX venues in a 3-20 microsecond range . Additionally , hosting is available in all four major datacenters : NY4 , LD4 , TY3 and CME Aurora , and the API can be integrated using C++ , C# , Java or SBE .
 The Dream Payments API provides a programmatic interface for insurers to manage payment recipients and issue digital claims payments . The API allows you to ; Integrate digital claims payments directly into your existing claims system , Integrate vendor payments directly into your vendor management system , Pull digital payment data directly into your financial reconciliation processes and more . Developers can create applications to accept payments , anywhere with Dream Payments mobile commerce solutions to process and build a customer payment experience . Dream Payments is a technology company that provides cloud payment solutions to financial institutions and insurance companies , enabling them to provide digital and mobile payment experiences to end customers .
 The Vectorspace AI Trending Popularity API returns JSON data with trending cryptocurrencies , global trends , concepts or topics , powered by AI . Learn more at https://vectorspace.ai/assets/Vectorspace_Whitepaper.pdf
 The Vectorspace AI API returns JSON data with a summary of cryptocurrency news , whitepapers , websites or any other context with optional context control , powered by AI .
 The Vectorspace AI Correlated Cryptocurrencies API returns JSON data and accepts a URL , global trend , concept , keyword or any text in JSON format to get related cryptocurrencies based on an algorithm used for uncovering hidden relationships in data . Learn more at https://vectorspace.ai/assets/Vectorspace_Whitepaper.pdf
 The First Data Marketplace API allows you to use the First Data payments ecosystem and infrastructure . The URI paths use built-in HTTP authentication that provides secure access to data entities . This API uses HTTP requests with standard methods like GET and POST , parsing responses that are returned in JSON format . This includes ; Products , Pricing , Merchandise , Orders , Contracts and more . First Data offers an account creation and boarding platform to make payment transactions secure , fast and easy for merchants , financial institutions and their customers .
 The Vectorspace AI Hidden Relationships API returns JSON data with a basket of cryptocurrencies or stocks with known and hidden relationships , powered by AI . Learn more at https://vectorspace.ai/assets/Vectorspace_Whitepaper.pdf
 The Vectorspace AI Correlated Stocks API returns JSON data and accepts a URL , global trend , concept , keyword or any text in JSON format to get related stocks based on an algorithm used for uncovering hidden relationships in data . Learn more at https://vectorspace.ai/assets/Vectorspace_Whitepaper.pdf
 We Provide real time historical UNIQUE data on all S&P 500 , Dow Jones , and Nasdaq components that will give your business another edge over competitors . HADE Platform has Millions of data points in over 100,000 categories that go well beyond the three basic financial statement data you ca n’t find elsewhere . We provide raw collected data , with updates upon company release .
 The RapidRatings Risk Management API allows ratings to be pulled immediately by portfolio or RRID using a simple REST service that returns JSON . This includes the most recent three periods , or recent report , of batch data transfer for FHR , Core Health Score , 1 Year Probability of Default and more . RapidRatings enables access to financial health data from thousands of suppliers and vendors . The RapidRatings API allows businesses to pull Financial Health System data directly into their ERP systems and internal databases for delivery of financial health analysis . It is real-time delivery of critical data and financial analytics to enhance risk management efforts . RapidRatings platform provides analysis of financial health for public and private companies that is predictive insights for third-party partners , suppliers , vendors , customers and securities issuers .
 The Vectorspace AI API returns JSON data with cryptocurrency's global trends , concepts and topics , powered by AI . Learn more at https://vectorspace.ai/assets/Vectorspace_Whitepaper.pdf
 The Barclays Consent API allows you to manage the authorization given to Third Party Providers ( TPPs ) to receive payments or access transaction history from Barclays customer accounts . Barclays provides transatlantic consumer , corporate and investment banking services in the UK and US .
 The Barclays Product Details API allows users to discover various financial products Barclays offers . From personal accounts to SME lending products , business current accounts to commercial credit cards , users can view current product details . Barclays provides transatlantic consumer , corporate and investment banking services in the UK and US .
 The Barclays Payment Initiation API allows you to initiate a single and immediate non-mandated funds transfer . Barclays provides transatlantic consumer , corporate and investment banking services in the UK and US .
 The Barclays Branch Locator API enables users to locate all Barclays branches throughout the UK . Using longitudinal and latitudinal data , users can find the location of the branch , the opening hours and the facilities available at each individual branch . Barclays provides transatlantic consumer , corporate and investment banking services in the UK and US .
 The Barclays Account and Transactions API allow you to retrieve account information for Barclays customers . Barclays provides transatlantic consumer , corporate and investment banking services in the UK and US .
 The Barclays ATM Finder API allows users to locate all Barclays Automated Teller Machines across the UK . Users will be able to view the town , street name and postcode the ATM is located on and the services available at each individual machine . Barclays provides transatlantic consumer , corporate and investment banking services in the UK and US .
 The Live-Rates API returns filtered Forex rates in JSON and XML formats . Rates are updated in real-time ; each currency pair includes the timestamp when it was updated . This platform is intended for integrating with eCommerce systems , brokerages , and casinos .
 The Wyre API is a REST service that supports wire transfers , mass international payouts , cryptocurrency wallet management , and virtual banking services for your personal or enterprise needs . It uses HTTPS response codes and returns all error responses in JSON that enables conversions of large volumes between currencies . It provides a way for developers to manage on boarding users compliantly , connecting customers bank accounts , and more . It allows you to convert large volumes between currencies with minimal movement from the market price . Wyre provides a crypto infrastructure for business and teams that want to build payment solutions .
 The Xtremcoin API returns information related to cryptocurrency tickers , currency pairs , and open orders . Data is returned in JSON format . This platform supports Bitcoin , BitcoinCash , Litecoin , Ethereum , and Ripple . Xtremcoin accepts Turkish Lira , USD and EURO . Xtremcoin is a Turkish provider of cryptocurrency and financial services .
 Worlds Most Reliable Data . The Fastest Updates in the Industry , with Data you can not find anywhere !!! We Provide real time historical UNIQUE data on all S&P 500 , Dow Jones , and Nasdaq components that will give your business another edge over competitors . HADE Platform has Millions of data points in over 100,000 categories that go well beyond the three basic financial statement data you ca n’t find elsewhere . Visualization , Charting & Analytics API
 The Amatino API provides a way to store , organize , and retrieve financial data . This API can store transactions , generate balance sheets , perform foreign currency conversions , apply fine grained permissions , and more . Data is stored in a chosen nearest location which allows for minimum latency . The Amatino API returns data in JSON format .
 The CoinMarketCap Professional API is a suite of high-performance RESTful JSON endpoints designed to meet the demands of application developers , data scientists , and enterprise business platforms . It returns data for cryptocurrencies , cryptocurrency exchanges and aggregate market data that includes services for ; cryptocurrency , exchange , global-metrics , and tools . CoinMarketCap is cryptocurrency market cap rankings , charts , and more .
 The Kuveyt Turk Information Services API gives users access to a collection of information services , including ATM and XTM locations , branch locations , and FX rates . Developers can use this API to add financial information services to their apps . Kuveyt Turk is a Turkish provider of financial products and services .
 The CapitalOne Virtual Card Numbers API returns JSON data with simulated virtual card numbers . With the API , developers can create a virtual card , replace a physical card , retrieve virtual card details , and report merchant activity by initiating production in the sandbox . OAuth2 is required to authenticate .
 The Kuveyt Turk Virtual POS API gives developers full control over their virtual POS and allows them to monitor all transactions that occur there . This API is coming soon . Documentation is not yet publicly available . Kuveyt Turk is a Turkish provider of financial products and services .
 The Kuveyt Turk Money Transfers API allows users to send and receive money . Money transfers are free to any bank for Kuveyt Turk customers within the daily transaction limits . Developers can use this API to create apps that can send money within Kuveyt Turk or other banks . Kuveyt Turk is a Turkish provider of financial products and services .
 The Switcheo Exchange API provides trading and ticker endpoints that allows access to Switcheo Network trading on the V1 .5 exchange contract . The Switcheo API uses REST architecture with requests and responses in JSON format . It provides exchange history , statistics and other data and can be used to execute trades . This API includes services for ; Tickers , Offers , Trades , Deposits , Withdrawals , Orders , Balances , and more . Switcheo is a global multi chain decentralized exchange .
 Global FinCharts offers historical currency exchange rates and conversions provided by over 20 sources . For enterprise members , the API offers Push notifications . FinCharts provides JSON data , and JSONP callbacks are available for CORS support . Developers can get a free API Key with a trial membership ; this plan supports up to 1,000 monthly calls , and offers full SSL security , live updates , and more .
 The Nucleus API provides core digital infrastructure to anchor your fintech application . This includes client and account onboarding , authentication , goals , investments , performance , and questionnaires .
 The Proton API provides financial engineering to power your fintech application . This includes risk scoring , goals tracking , simulations , financial planning , financial health , insurance calculations , and portfolio rebalancing .
 The Electron API provides functionality to manage and grow your fintech application .
 The Hydro API enables applications to interface with Hydro ’s smart contracts . All Hydrogen APIs are built on REST principles , with resource-oriented URLs and HTTP response codes . All API responses are returned in JSON format .
 Within the Hydro API , we have several modular layers of blockchain functionality . You may use some or all of these , per the needs of your application . Raindrop focuses on security through blockchain-based authentication . It provides a server-side authentication protocol for databases , APIs , and large systems , as well as a client-side multi-factor authentication protocol for individual user accounts . Snowflake , Ice , Tide , and Mist are coming soon . Snowflake focuses on an identity management solution to provide transparency in data management and ownership . Ice brings transparency and validity to the financial document and contract signing process by recording document-related events on the blockchain . Tide enhances traditional payments and transfers by linking them with conditions enforced by smart contracts . Mist brings AI-based insights to blockchain-enabled financial platforms to empower financial services with robust data science .
 Meniga offers SDKs that connect third-party applications with a digital banking and marketing platform . Meniga provides tools that facilitate personal finance , business finance , card-linked offers , and consumer analytics . This platform is focused on delivering increased consumer engagement , and new business models for data-driven banking solutions . Meniga is a fintech firm based in Iceland .
 The Nordea Accounts API returns account data in JSON format to implement into banking applications . Developers can use the sandbox before producing live , authenticate with OAuth2 , and access Swagger files . Coming up FX & Money Market API .
 The Nordea Payments API returns payments data in JSON format to implement into banking applications . Developers can use the sandbox , authenticate with OAuth2 , and access Swagger files . Nordea aims to be one of the largest banks in Europe .
 Erste Group Netbanking API is a REST service that provides access to user and accounting data of Česká spořitelna customers . It allows you to list and read data about a client's products and more . The Erste Group is a banking service provider in Central and Eastern Europe .
 The Erste Group Personal Accounts API is a REST service that provides access to user and accounting data of Ceska Sporitelna customers . It allows you to list and read data about a client's products that includes services for ; Accounts , Cards , Building Savings , Pensions and more . The Erste Group is a banking service provider in Central and Eastern Europe .
 The Erste Group Know Your Customer API is a REST service that provides verification of Ceska Sporitelna customers . It allows you to verify a user by bank that includes services for ; Profile and Healthcheck . The Erste Group is a banking service provider in Central and Eastern Europe .
 The Erste Group Transparent Accounts API provides a REST interface with access to information about Česká spořitelna . It allows access to user and accounting data of Erste Bank customers that includes services for ; the list of available transparent accounts , transparent accounts and transactions on them , detail of a specific transparent account and more . The Erste Group is a banking service provider in Central and Eastern Europe .
 The Erste Group Mortgage calculator API provides a REST with access to basic mortgage calculations of Česká spořitelna . This includes services to retrieve validation criteria for mortgage loan calculation . The Erste Group is a banking service provider in Central and Eastern Europe .
 Crypto exchanges have an awful tendency to use non-standardized symbols , such as " DRK " for " DASH " . CryptoStandardizer provides a way to standardize those symbols and ensure your system's stability .
 The Erste Group Places API provides a REST interface to access to Česká spořitelna , POI location information . This includes services for ; Places , Branches , ATM's and more . The Erste Group is a banking service provider in Central and Eastern Europe .
 The Erste Group Exchange Rates API provides a REST interface that allows access to currently valid and historical exchange rates for the previous 2 years . The Erste Group is a banking service provider in Central and Eastern Europe .
 The Erste Group Accounts API provides a paginated list of client's accounts that contains unique id to be used as an URI reference . This includes services for ; Account balance , List accounts , List account transactions and more . The Erste Group is a banking service provider in Central and Eastern Europe .
 The Erste Group Basic Payment API provides a listing of the client's payment accounts that are normally available for TPPs with AISP license . This includes services for ; Account balance check , Payments , Payments Authorization and more . The Erste Group is a banking service provider in Central and Eastern Europe .
 Ontology is a provider of public blockchains that can be customized for different industries . Ontology is a fintech firm that provides several infrastructure modules required by distributed data exchange protocols , and digital identity frameworks . Ontology employs the account balance type of smart contract assets . The API returns JSON data related to transactions , block by block height and more . This is a REST-based API that accepts CRUD operations .
 The Kontomatik Lending API returns lending banking data by using HTTP GET requests and HTTP basic auth and Key as the authentication methods . Data returned includes immediate calculations , displaying raw data , and including aggregated financial values . It works with screen-scrapped data and parsed PDF data . The API is not part of the standard offer . For additional info , contact@kontomatik.com
 The InfoTrie FinSentS Commodity News API provides news and social media posts related to all major commodities . Data is available in JSON , CSV , and XML . InfoTrie is a consulting and financial engineering firm headquartered in Singapore that provides services related to information systems , artificial intelligence , financial engineering , and quantitative modelling .
 The InfoTrie FinSentS Forex News API offers access to social media posts and news articles related to hundreds of currency pairs . Data is available in JSON , CSV , and XML . InfoTrie is a consulting and financial engineering firm headquartered in Singapore that provides services related to information systems , artificial intelligence , financial engineering , and quantitative modelling .
 The Datamolino API allows you to integrate Datamolino's invoice OCR data capture service and invoice data extraction directly into your software or custom company process . Developers can integrate the service providing users with touch-less invoice data capture directly into third-party applications .
 Datamolino provides automated real-time bookkeeping automation for accounting firms using Xero and Quickbooks . Datamolino Apps are available on iTunes and Google Play .
 The InfoTrie FinSentS Stock Sentiment API offers access to news and social media sentiment data for over 70,000 stock tickers . The API supports quoted , unquoted companies , and the corresponding indexes . Data goes back 15 years . This API returns JSON , CSV or XML formatted data . InfoTrie is a consulting and financial engineering firm headquartered in Singapore that provides services related to information systems , artificial intelligence , financial engineering , and quantitative modelling .
 The InfoTrie FinSentS Commodity Sentiment API provides sentiment data for all major commodities ( since 2013 ) . The API returns JSON , CSV or XML formatted data . InfoTrie is a consulting and financial engineering firm headquartered in Singapore that provides services related to information systems , artificial intelligence , financial engineering , and quantitative modelling .
 The InfoTrie FinSentS Stock News API offers access to news and social media information ( 15 years or newer ) for over 70,000 stock tickers . The API offers updated data formatted in JSON , CSV or XML . InfoTrie is a consulting and financial engineering firm headquartered in Singapore that provides services related to information systems , artificial intelligence , financial engineering , and quantitative modelling .
 The InfoTrie FinSentS Crypto Sentiment API returns news and social media sentiment data for all actively traded crypto currencies . The API supports volume , buzz , and other indicators returned in JSON , CSV or XML . InfoTrie is a consulting and financial engineering firm headquartered in Singapore that provides services related to information systems , artificial intelligence , financial engineering , and quantitative modelling .
 The InfoTrie FinSentS Crypto News API offers access to actively traded crypto currencies ( Bitcoin , Ethereum , Ripple , and more ) . The API offers updated data formatted in JSON , CSV or XML . InfoTrie is a consulting and financial engineering firm headquartered in Singapore that provides services related to information systems , artificial intelligence , financial engineering , and quantitative modelling .
 The InfoTrie FinSentS Forex Sentiment API returns news and social media sentiment data for hundreds of currency pairs . The API supports volume , buzz , and other indicators in JSON , CSV or XML formatted data . InfoTrie is a consulting and financial engineering firm headquartered in Singapore that provides services related to information systems , artificial intelligence , financial engineering , and quantitative modelling .
 The YNAB API is a REST based design service with a JSON data format that allows you to interact with your YNAB budget data . Various use cases may include ; email a summary of category balances , send a text message to manage spending , place a transaction and specify a payee , use devices to get notices for category balances , design creative alerts and more . You Need A Budget provides services that inspire you to get out of debt and save money .
 The PelicanPay TPP API is Pan-European API Interoperability that enables third party providers with the ability to connect with any ASPSP across Europe , for Payment Initiation and Account Information services . This API implementation is a RESTful service with requests and responses in JSON format . The PelicanPay platform manages the technical and regulatory complexity of API connectivity to customers bank accounts . PelicanPay provides banks and corporations with payment solutions , and a financial crime compliance platform for fintechs and third party providers for onboarding and global payments processing .
 The PelicanPay Fintech API is an OpenBanking Hub that enables access to pan-European PSD2 Payment Initiation and Account Information solutions for Fintechs . This allows you to consume Open Banking or PSD2 functionality from several banks in Europe . This API implementation is a RESTful service with requests and responses in JSON format . The PelicanPay platform manages the technical and regulatory complexity of API connectivity to customers bank accounts . PelicanPay provides banks and corporations with payment solutions , and a financial crime compliance platform for Fintechs and third party providers for on-boarding and global payments processing .
 The PelicanPay Bank API is an integrated API framework to handle requests to ASPSPs from AISPs / PISPs . It provides a suite of dynamic API capabilities for ASPSPs and third party providers for open banking initiatives that features AI and Data analytics powered solutions to monetize your data and more . This API implementation is a RESTful service with requests and responses in JSON format . The PelicanPay platform manages the technical and regulatory complexity of API connectivity to customers bank accounts . PelicanPay provides banks and corporations with payment solutions , and a financial crime compliance platform for Fintechs and third party providers for on-boarding and global payments processing .
 The Citibank Services API allows customers to access account statement details and permits customers to change their account PIN from your application and website . It enables you with the ability to perform servicing functions like retrieve the statement and advices listings , individual statements or advices in PDF format . Citibank provides financial services and ideas for managing your finances .
 The BitcoinAverage Enterprise Websocket API pushes faster real time updates that use less bandwidth as it only updates the prices that have changed . There are two websocket channels that are available for ticker and exchanges . It allows you to connect to one or more indices or exchanges and returns ticker data for multiple symbols grouped in symbol sets and data for multiple exchanges . The Websocket V2 API is available to Enterprise users only . BitcoinAverage is a data service that provides the weighted average Bitcoin price for all major currencies .
 The finsym API can find company names within text and return their stock exchange symbols . The API can find full or partial company names , company symbols , and most nicknames ( e.g. , " Pepsi " for " Pepsico , Inc. " ) . Currently , the API only covers companies listed on NYSE and NASDAQ , with plans in the near future to extend coverage for the London Stock Exchange as well as other exchanges .
 The Revolut Open Banking Webhooks API allows you to receive updates about your account . You can use this API to create a web-hook endpoint to receive a notification that will be posted , via HTTP POST method , to the specified endpoint for the following supported events : Transaction Creation and Transaction State Change . Revolut is a banking alternative that provides spending analytics , free money transfers , fee-free travel and more .
 The Open Risk API provides a mechanism to integrate arbitrary collections of risk data and risk modelling resources in the context of assessing and managing financial risk . It is based on two key technologies of the modern Web , RESTful architectures and Semantic Data
 The Alpaca Trade API delivers a REST-based interface that connects applications with a real-time brokerage service . The API is used to access account information , orders , positions , assets , and more . With Alpaca , developers can manage capital , stocks , and algos all in one integrated system . The API employs API Keys for authentication , and returns JSON data .
 The Revolut Open Banking API allows you to integrate your Revolut for Business account to automate your business account operations . You can automate all payment processes including : Accounts , Counterparties and Payments . Revolut is a banking alternative that provides spending analytics , free money transfers , fee-free travel and more .
 The Exchange Rates API provides current and historical foreign exchange rates . Data is retrieved from published exchange rates by the European Central Bank . The API supports the latest foreign exchange reference rates , historical dates since 1999 , and specific exchange rates by symbol .
 Worldtradingdata.com provides real time , historical end of day and intraday stock data as well as real time and historical end of day forex data . Worldtradingdata.com is committed to providing fast , easy access to global financial data . With over 40 years of historical data , hundreds of real time stock quotes per request and live intraday data , worldtradingdata.com provides the most comprehensive , affordable and efficient suite of APIs for worldwide financial data .
 The Citibank Money Movement API can : Make it possible for your customers to pay bills , set up automatic transfers , better control their cash flow and more so they do n’t have to leave your app.Offer more ways for your customers to manage their finances and investments by letting them transfer funds between accounts , set up direct deposit and fund brokerage accounts.Add the ability to your app or product to let customers send or receive money.This API is part of Citi Open Banking , a set of APIs that allow you to connect to core Citi financial functionality .
 With this API you can : Let your customers instantly freeze a lost or stolen credit card and start the process of issuing a replacement.Create alerts that automatically notify Citi when your customers book upcoming travel so they ’re able to use their cards whenever and wherever they go.Enable your customers to request temporary or permanent credit limit increase right from your app given them the flexibility to make larger purchases.This API is part of Citi Open Banking , a set of APIs that allow you to connect to core Citi financial functionality .
 The Citibank Accounts API allows you to retrieve account and transaction data for Citi Customers who have authorized your app . In most cases , you'll want to request a summary of all accounts first , which will return basic account information and accountIds . Once you have this information , you can request additional account details and / or transactions . The API's primary usees are for account aggregation , alerts , and real-time updates
 Key features of the API are : enriched customer experiencethe ability to provide detailed customer account data with a simple API calldata access any idea , product or service , and utilization of industry standard REST API to access the account info and data you need faster and in a structured manner.This API is part of Citi Open Banking , a set of APIs that allow you to connect to core Citi financial functionality .
 Tink is a financial data platform that offers diverse features including channel agnostic account aggregation for better transparency and freedom , transaction categorization , and personal financial management . Developers can integrate with Tink and gain access to consumers' account data from Nordic banks and financial institutions . The Tink API follows a REST approach , and returns information in JSON .
 The Citibank Authorize API is an implementation of the OAuth 2.0 framework , that allows you to obtain secure Citibank authorization using standard methods that can be integrated in your applications . The API enables Citi customers with the ability to grant your application access to their account data and services . Citibank provides financial services and ideas for managing your finances .
 The Finactum Pro API gives developers access to information for all companies based in Belgium . Its algorithms can calculate financial scores pertaining to liquidity , solvency , and profitability . The Finactum Pro information platform is built on information purchased from the NBB , KBO , and the Belgian Official Gazette and enriched with additional data . The API's home page is provided in Dutch .
 TheCboe Time and Sales API allows you access to tick and trade data across US equities , ETFs , indexes and options . Cboe LiveVol is an equity and index options technology and services data provider for professional and retail traders . This includes provides market data for ; Backtester , Custom Scans , Market at a Glance , Market Reference , Option Scans , Theo Calculator , Trade Review and more . Cboe tools , data , and custom analytics services offers technology and data solutions for a consolidated feed , real-time programmatic analysis and scanning , historical files and back testing , real-time decision support , flat files , XML web services , web components , custom development and consulting .
 The Cboe Trade Review API is a price generator for error reviews on trades executed on US option exchanges . Trade Review is an system that is wrapped around Cboe LiveVol ’s Time and Sales data that enables the an error trade review process that determines if an executed trade qualifies for an adjustment . Cboe LiveVol is an equity and index options technology and services data provider for professional and retail traders . This includes provides market data for ; Backtester , Custom Scans , Market at a Glance , Market Reference , Option Scans , Theo Calculator , Trade Review and more . Cboe tools , data , and custom analytics services offers technology and data solutions for a consolidated feed , real-time programmatic analysis and scanning , historical files and back testing , real-time decision support , flat files , XML web services , web components , custom development and consulting .
 The Forty Seven API allows businesses and partners to integrate their applications and services with the Forty Seven bank infrastructure . It provides a way to exchange information and connect business processes of organisations with the business processes of Forty Seven Bank . It enables you with the ability to access the user's list of accounts and account information , access the transaction history and metadata of accounts , access payers and payees of an account with metadata for aliases , labels , logos and home pages . Services include ; Accounts , Counterparties , Transactions , Payments , Requests and more . This API is based on the Open Bank Project . Forty Seven Bank creates an open Application Platform for financial technology developers , to integrate with Forty Seven Bank . The Forty Seven bank project is a fin-tech startup that connects fiat and cryptocurrency banking .
 The Alpha Vantage API integrates financial market data including stocks , physical currencies , digital / crypto currencies , technical indicators and other types of data . API Key is required to authenticate . Developers can request via URI Query String / CRUD to receive responses in JSON and CSV .
 The Independent Reserve is a Bitcoin exchange market with operations in Australia and New Zealand . The Airbridge ™ API allows you to build third-party apps that connect to the Independent Reserve trading platform . The RESTful API provides both private and public methods and returns JSON-formatted responses .
 The FYB-SE is a Bitcoin exchange marketplace . The FYB-SE API provides a RESTful platform for integrating Bitcoin trading functions in applications .
 The ChangeNOW Exchanger API allows applications to be integrated with cryptocurrency exchange services . Developers can easily integrate the system of cryptocurrency exchange with the API . ChangeNOW API has detailed technical documentation . It operates with HTTPS protocol and provides a number of methods for the queries to be placed and the responses to be returned for each operation . All the responses are delivered through JSON API format . ChangeNOW is a web platform created for the simple exchange of any cryptocurrency . To avoid identification and financial theft , users do n’t need to register or leave personal information .
 Currex is an API that provides currency exchange rates . Currently for 95 currencies but it's still growing .
 The Australia-based ACX is the country ’s largest digital currency exchange . The ACX API simplifies the construction of digital asset trading tools and applications . It provides a RESTful platform for building charts , monitoring or editing orders and positions , and tracking trading history and wallet movements .
 CryptoCompare provides access to live prices , charts , and market analyses of the world ’s top 65 crypto exchanges . The platform hosts more than 5000 trading pairs and over 1000 crypto currencies or assets in simple format . Use the CryptoCompare API to integrate the functionality for accessing cryptocurrency pricing , OHLC , and volume data from multiple exchanges .
 bitFlyer is a digital currency exchange and marketplace for buying , selling , and spending Bitcoin . The bitFlyer Lightning API provides HTTP and real time endpoints for integrating bitFlyer in trading apps . The API conveys requests and responses in JSON format .
 1Broker is a global trading platform for Bitcoin . The 1Broker Bitcoin Exchange API supports integration of the 1Broker trading platform . It provides a broad scope of functionalities including get basic account data , manipulate open orders and positions , list position , and get market data . The API strictly uses simple HTTPS GET requests and returns responses in JSON format .
 1BTCXE supports Bitcoin trading transaction in more than 30 fiat currencies . Use the 1BTCXE API to access 1BTCXE ’s exchange functionality using HTTPS requests . The RESTful API accepts JSON requests and returns JSON-formatted responses .
 Bitbay is a European trading platform for Bitcoin and digital currency . The Bitbay Private API provides API key-authenticated access to Bitbay ’s currency trading functions . Establish a connection with the API by sending a POST request to its endpoint . Each request must have a method parameter .
 Bitbay is a European trading platform for Bitcoin and digital currency . The Bitbay Public API provides unrestricted access to various currency trading functions including trades , orderbook , market , and ticker . The RESTful API returns responses in JSON format .
 Bibox is a Chinese digital asset exchange marketplace . The Bibox API provides a RESTful Access to the Bibox trading platform . The API conveys requests in URI Query String / CRUD format .
 The Intrinio Buenos Aires BCBA Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Buenos Aires BCBA Stock Exchange in Argentina . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in .
 This data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Namibian Stock Exchange in Namibia . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio NASDAQ OMX Armenia Prices API provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the NASDAQ OMX Armenia in Armenia . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio NASDAQ Riga Prices API provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the NASDAQ Riga in Latvia . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio NASDAQ Tallinn Prices API provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the NASDAQ Tallinn in Estonia . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio Nigerian Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Nigerian Stock Exchange in Nigeria . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in .
 This data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Nordic Growth Market in Sweden . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio Pakistan Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Pakistan Stock Exchange in Pakistan . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in .
 This data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Panama Stock Exchange in Panama . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio Paraguay Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Paraguay Stock Exchange in Paraguay . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio Philippine Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Philippine Stock Exchange in Philippines . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio Palestine Securities Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Palestine Securities Exchange in Palestine . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio Prague Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Prague Stock Exchange in Czech Republic . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio Qatar Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Qatar Exchange in Qatar . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio PFTS Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the PFTS Stock Exchange in the Ukraine . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio Oslo Axess Prices API provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Oslo Axess in Norway . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio Norwegian OTC Market Prices API provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Norwegian OTC Market in Norway . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in .
 If you have been searching for a data feed that makes New Zealand prices affordable and easy to access for your application or spreadsheet analysis , look no further . The Exchange Data New Zealand Stock Prices data feed does the heavy lifting , providing validated and systematic stock prices after the closing bell so you can stop spending your time collecting and organizing data and get to work analyzing it .
 The Intrinio Nepal Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Nepal Stock Exchange in Nepal . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio NASDAQ Vilnius Prices API provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the NASDAQ Vilnius in Lithuania . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio NASDAQ Iceland Prices API provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the NASDAQ Iceland in Iceland . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio NASDAQ Dubai Prices API provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the NASDAQ Dubai in the United Arab Emirates . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in .
 This data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Nairobi Stock Exchange in Kenya . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio Nagoya Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Nagoya Stock Exchange in Japan . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in .
 This data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the South Pacific Stock Exchange in Fiji . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in .
 This data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Spain MaB Stock Exchange in Spain . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in .
 This data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Stuttgart Stock Exchange in Germany . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in .
 This data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Swaziland Stock Exchange in Swaziland . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in .
 If you have been searching for a data feed that makes Sweden ’s EOD prices affordable and easy to access for your application or spreadsheet analysis , look no further . The Exchange Data EOD Sweden feed does the heavy lifting , providing validated and systematic stock prices after the closing bell for the STO exchange so you can stop spending your time collecting and organizing data and get to work analyzing it .
 This data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Taipei Exchange in Taiwan . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in .
 If you have been searching for a data feed that makes Taiwan ’s EOD prices affordable and easy to access for your application or spreadsheet analysis , look no further . The Exchange Data EOD Taiwan feed does the heavy lifting , providing validated and systematic stock prices after the closing bell for the TWSE exchange so you can stop spending your time collecting and organizing data and get to work analyzing it .
 This data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Tehran Stock Exchange in Iran . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in .
 If you have been searching for a data feed that makes Israeli EOD prices affordable and easy to access for your application or spreadsheet analysis , look no further . The Exchange Data EOD Israel data feed does the heavy lifting , providing validated and systematic stock prices after the closing bell for the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange ( TASE ) so you can stop spending your time collecting and organizing data and get to work analyzing it .
 This data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Thailand Stock Exchange in Thailand . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio Dar es Salaam Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Dar es Salaam Stock Exchange in Tanzania . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio Cyprus Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Cyprus Stock Exchange in Cyprus . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio Costa Rica Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Costa Rica Stock Exchange in Costa Rica . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio Colombia Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Colombia Stock Exchange in Colombia . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio Cambodia Securities Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Cambodia Securities Exchange in Cambodia . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio BX Swiss Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the BX Swiss Exchange in Switzerland . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio Bulgarian Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Bulgarian Stock Exchange in Bulgaria . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio Buenos Aires Merval Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Buenos Aires Merval Stock Exchange in Argentina . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio Budapest Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Budapest Stock Exchange in Hungary . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio Bucharest Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Bucharest Stock Exchange in Romania . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in .
 The APIseeds Exchange Rate API allows developers to integrate currency exchange rate capabilities with their applications . The API supports more than 1,400 world currencies and cryptocurrencies . The API returns JSON formatted data .
 The Surface API is a Restful service that provides access to OpenWrks customer data with examples for cURL , C# , JavaScript , Python , PHP , Java , Node , Ruby , Objective-C , Swift and Go . This includes endpoints for Users , Accounts , Transactions and more . The API eliminates the need to work with multiple banks and account providers . It is a clean , stable , backwards compatible API integration that takes care of dual running with the support of major versions that are mandated by the Open Banking Implementation Entity ( OBIE ) . OpenWrks enables customers with control over finances by enabling them with access to financial services using real-time fully integrated financial data .
 The Intrinio Tunis Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to a data feed of end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Tunis Stock Exchange in Tunisia . Available data includes high , low , open , and close prices as well as prices adjusted for splits and dividends . The feed is updated daily and includes historical data back to 2007 .
 The Intrinio Uganda Securities Exchange Prices API is a data feed that provides developers with end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Uganda Securities Exchange . Available data includes high , low , open , and close prices as well as prices adjusted for splits and dividends . This feed updates daily and includes historical data back to 2007 .
 The Intrinio Warsaw Stock Exchange Prices API is a data feed that provides access to end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Warsaw Stock Exchange in Poland . Available data includes high , low , open , and close prices as well as prices adjusted for splits and dividends . This feed updates daily and includes historical data back to 2007 .
 The Intrinio Zagreb Stock Exchange Prices API is a data feed that provides access to end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Zagreb Stock Exchange in Croatia . Available data includes high , low , open , and close prices as well as prices adjusted for splits and dividends . This feed updates daily and includes historical data back to 2007 .
 The Exchange Data International EOD Moscow data feed brings end of day ( EOD ) prices from the Moscow Exchange directly to Excel , Google Sheets or API , allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this market . Prices are released after the close of trading in Russia ’s time zone . The Intrinio Moscow Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to Exchange Data International ’s end of day prices and other daily trading summaries from the Moscow Stock Exchange . Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax .
 The Exchange Data International EOD Malaysia data feed brings end of day ( EOD ) prices from the Bursa Malaysia , a Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia based exchange directly to Excel , Google Sheets or API , allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this market . Prices are released after the close of trading in Malaysia ’s time zone . The Intrinio Malaysia Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to Exchange Data International ’s end of day prices and other daily trading summaries from the Malaysia Stock Exchange . Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax .
 Denoti is a provider of financial data aggregation services and applications that focus on finance and North American bank rates . The Denoti service provides latest updates and notifications of changes to thousands of rates and prices across financial markets . Use the denoti Bitcoin Cryptocurrency API endpoint to access the last recorded value representing the price of bitcoin cryptocurrency for a given day .
 The Exchange Data International EOD Mongolian data feed brings end of day ( EOD ) prices from the Mongolian Stock Exchange directly to Excel , Google Sheets or API , allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this market . Prices are released after the close of trading in Mongolia ’s time zone . The Intrinio Mongolian Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to Exchange Data International ’s end of day prices and other daily trading summaries from the Mongolian Stock Exchange . Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax .
 The Exchange Data International EOD Moldova data feed brings end of day ( EOD ) prices from the Bursa de Valori a Moldovei , a Chisinau , Moldova based exchange directly to Excel , Google Sheets or API , allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this market . Prices are released after the close of trading in Moldova ’s time zone . The Intrinio Moldova Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to Exchange Data International ’s end of day prices and other daily trading summaries from the Moldova Stock Exchange . Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax .
 The Exchange Data International EOD Malta data feed brings end of day ( EOD ) prices from the Malta Stock Exchange directly to Excel , Google Sheets or API , allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this market . Prices are released after the close of trading in Malta ’s time zone . The Intrinio Malta Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to Exchange Data International ’s end of day prices and other daily trading summaries from the Malta Stock Exchange . Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax .
 The Exchange Data International EOD Muscat data feed brings end of day ( EOD ) prices from the Muscat , Oman based exchange directly to Excel , Google Sheets or API , allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this market . Prices are released after the close of trading in Oman ’s time zone . The Intrinio Muscat Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to Exchange Data International ’s end of day prices and other daily trading summaries from the Muscat Stock Exchange . Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax .
 The Intrinio Montevideo Stock Exchange Prices offers developers historical financial data , prices , exchange prices , securities , and stock exchanges related to Montevideo Uruguay Stock Exchange . The Intrinio API in REST architecture uses HTTPS verbs to receive JSON format responses in return . An API Key is required along with basic auth via HTTPS . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 .
 The Intrinio Mauritius Stock Exchange Prices API returns historical financial data , prices , exchange prices , securities , and stock exchanges , linked to the Mauritius Stock Exchange . The REST API requests calls in HTTPS verbs to receive responses in JSON format . To access , developers need an API Key and basic auth secured in HTTPS . The idea is to have investors to pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day .
 Intrinio Merkur Market Prices API offers data on finances , exchanges , prices , securities , and stocks related to the Merkur Norway Stock Exchange . To start a project , developers can access via API Key and basic auth secured by HTTPS . Request verbs will return JSON format as responses . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio Malawi Stock Exchange Prices API provides historical financial data , prices , exchange prices , securities , and stock exchanges related to Malawi Stock Exchange . The API uses a REST architecture with HTTPS verbs to obtain responses in JSON formats . API Key is required along with basic auth via HTTPS .
 The Intrinio London Stock Exchange Prices API data feed brings end of day prices from this UK based exchange directly to Excel , Google Sheets or API , allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this market . Prices are released after the close of trading in London ’s time zone , 4:30 PM Greenwich . The Exchange Data EOD England LSE feed provides validated and systematic stock prices after the closing bell for the LSE exchange so you can stop spending your time collecting and organizing data and get to work analyzing it .
 The Intrinio Macedonian Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Macedonian Stock Exchange in Macedonia . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in . It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax . Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day . Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started . This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method .
 The Intrinio Lusaka Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Lusaka Stock Exchange in Zambia . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in . It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax . Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day . Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started . This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method .
 The Intrinio Montenegro Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Montenegro Stock Exchange in Montenegro . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in . It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax . Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day . Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started . This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method .
 The Intrinio Lao Securities Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Lao Securities Exchange in Laos . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in . It enables developers with access to all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax . Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day . Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started . This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method .
 The Intrinio Ljubljana Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Ljubljana Stock Exchange in Slovenia . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in . It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax . Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day . Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started . This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method .
 The Intrinio Libyan Stock Market Prices API data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Libyan Stock Market in Libya . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in . It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax . Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day . Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started . This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method .
 This data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Lao Securities Exchange in Laos . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio Kyrgyz Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Kyrgyz Stock Exchange in Kyrgyzstan . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in . It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax . Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day . Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started . This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method .
 The Intrinio Kuwait Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Kuwait Stock Exchange in Kuwait . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in . It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax . Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day . Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started . This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method .
 The Intrinio KOSDAQ Prices API data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the KOSDAQ in South Korea . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in . It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with a simple syntax , access all historical prices for the exdate in their spreadsheet each day . Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started . This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method .
 The Intrinio Eastern Caribbean Securities Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Eastern Caribbean Securities Exchange in Saint Kitts and Nevis . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in . It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax . Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day . Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started . This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method .
 The Intrinio Khartoum Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Khartoum Stock Exchange in Sudan . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in . It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax . Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day . Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started . This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method .
 The Exchange Data International Guyana Stock Exchange Prices data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Guyana Stock Exchange in Guyana . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . The Intrinio Guyana Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to Exchange Data International ’s end of day prices and other trading data summaries from the Guyana Stock Exchange . Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax .
 The Exchange Data International data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Iraq Stock Exchange in Iraq . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . The Intrinio Iraq Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to Exchange Data International ’s end of day prices and other trading data summaries from the Iraq Stock Exchange . Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax .
 The Trading Technologies TT User Setup API supports the creation of custom apps that support the set up and manipulation of Trading Technologies user accounts . Trading Technologies provides software for building financial market trading applications .
 The Trading Technologies TT API supports the creation of apps that communicate with TT Gateways . Use the API to develop apps that can implement price subscriptions , route orders , or receive fills via the TT Gateways . TT Gateways is a function of the TT trading platform , for building applications that can trade stocks and other financial market assets . The API is anchored on the Microsoft . NET technology . Its functionality includes the ability to deploy Trading Technologies' trademarked Autospreader SE and Synthetic SE platforms in a way that makes it easier for developers to route spread and synthetic orders to the two platforms for proximity-based execution .
 The Exchange Data International data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Hanoi Stock Exchange in Vietnam . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . The Intrinio Hanoi Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to Exchange Data International ’s end of day prices and other trading data summaries from the Hanoi Stock Exchange . Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax .
 The Exchange Data International EOD Georgia data feed brings end of day ( EOD ) prices from the Georgia Stock Exchange in Georgia . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . The Intrinio Georgia Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to Exchange Data International ’s end of day prices and other trading data summaries from the Georgia Stock Exchange . Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax .
 The Intrinio Douala Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Douala Stock Exchange in Cameroon . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in . It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax . Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day . Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started . This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method .
 The Exchange Data International EOD El Salvador data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the El Salvador Stock Exchange in El Salvador . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . The Intrinio El Salvador Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to Exchange Data International ’s end of day trading data summaries from the El Salvador Stock Exchange . Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax .
 The Exchange Data International EOD Portugal data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Lisbon Stock Exchange Stock Exchange in Portugal . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . The Intrinio Euronext Lisbon Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to Exchange Data International ’s end of day trading data summaries from the Lisbon Stock Exchange . Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax .
 The Exchange Data International EOD Germany data feed brings end of day ( EOD ) prices from the Deutsche Börse , a Frankfurt , Germany based exchange directly to Excel , Google Sheets or API , allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this market . Prices are released after the close of trading in Frankfurt ’s time zone , which closes at 3:00 PM Central Europe Time . The Intrinio Frankfurt Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to Exchange Data International ’s end of day prices and other trading data summaries from the Frankfurt Stock Exchange . Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax .
 The Exchange Data International data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Ho Chi Minh Stock Exchange in Vietnam . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . The Intrinio Ho Chi Minh Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to Exchange Data International ’s end of day prices and other trading data summaries from the Ho Chi Minh Stock Exchange . Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax .
 The Exchange Data International Greece Stock Exchange Prices data feed brings end of day prices from the Athens market directly to Excel , Google Sheets or API , allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this exchange . Prices are released after the close of trading in Athen ’s time zone , which runs from 10:00 AM – 5:20 PM GMT +3 . The Intrinio Greece Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to Exchange Data International ’s end of day prices and other trading data summaries from the Greece Stock Exchange . Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax .
 The Intrinio Guayaquil Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Guayaquil Stock Exchange in Ecuador . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in . It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax . Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day . Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started . This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method .
 The Intrinio Hamburg Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Hamburg Stock Exchange in Germany . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in . It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax . Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day . Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started . This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method .
 The Intrinio Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange Prices API data feed brings end of day prices from this EU / Netherlands based exchange directly to Excel , Google Sheets or API , allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this market . Prices are released after the close of trading in Amsterdam ’s time zone , which closes at 5:40 PM Central Europe Time . If you have been searching for a data feed that makes the Netherlands' EOD prices affordable and easy to access for your application or spreadsheet analysis , look no further . The Exchange Data EOD Netherlands feed does the heavy lifting , providing validated and systematic stock prices after the closing bell for the AMS exchange so you can stop spending your time collecting and organizing data and get to work analyzing it .
 The Intrinio Chittagong Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Chittagong Stock Exchange in Bangladesh . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in . It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax . Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day . Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started . This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method .
 The Intrinio Egyptian Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Egyptian Exchange in Egypt . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in . It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax . Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day . Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started . This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method .
 The Intrinio Damascus Securities Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Damascus Securities Exchange in Syria . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in . It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax . Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day . Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started . This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method .
 The Intrinio Colombo Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Colombo Stock Exchange in Sri Lanka . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in . It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax . Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day . Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started . This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method .
 The Intrinio Ghana Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Ghana Stock Exchange in Ghana . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in . It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax . Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day . Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started . This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method .
 The Intrinio Indonesia Stock Exchange Prices API offers end of day prices from the Indonesia Stock Exchange . Historical data is available ( back to 2007 ) . The API provides high , low , open , close , and volume information as well . Intrinio offers payment plans for individuals , startups , developers , and enterprises . Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection , data entry , and data analysis tools .
 The Intrinio Duesseldorf Market Prices API data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Duesseldorf Market in Germany . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in . It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax . Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day . Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started . This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method .
 The Intrinio Guernsey Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Guernsey Stock Exchange in Guernsey . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in . It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax . Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day . Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started . This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method .
 The Intrinio Euronext Paris Stock Exchange Prices API Data Feed brings end of day prices from this EU / French market directly to Excel , Google Sheets or API . Prices are released after the close of trading in Euronext ’s time zone , which runs from 9:00 AM – 5:30 PM GMT +1 . If you have been searching for a data feed that makes France EOD prices affordable and easy to access for your application or spreadsheet analysis , look no further . The Exchange Data EOD France data feed does the heavy lifting , providing validated and systematic stock prices after the closing bell so you can stop spending your time collecting and organizing data and get to work analyzing it .
 The Intrinio Euronext Brussels Stock Exchange Prices API data feed brings end of day prices from this EU / Belgium market directly to Excel , Google Sheets or API , allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this exchange . Prices are released after the close of trading in Euronext ’s time zone , which runs from 9:00 AM – 5:40 PM GMT . If you have been searching for a data feed that makes Euronext-Brussels EOD prices affordable and easy to access for your application or spreadsheet analysis , look no further . The Exchange Data EOD Euronext-Brussels data feed does the heavy lifting , providing validated and systematic stock prices after the closing bell so you can stop spending your time collecting and organizing data and get to work analyzing it .
 The Intrinio Dubai Financial Market Prices API data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Dubai Financial Market in United Arab Emirates . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in . It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax . Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day . Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started . This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method .
 The Intrinio Dominican Republic Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Dominican Republic Stock Exchange in Dominican Republic . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in . It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax . Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day . Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started . This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method .
 The Intrinio Dhaka Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Dhaka Stock Exchange in Bangladesh . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in . It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax . Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day . Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started . This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method .
 The Intrinio Casablanca Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Casablanca Stock Exchange in Morocco . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in . It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax . Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day . Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started . This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method .
 The Intrinio Cayman Islands Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Cayman Islands Stock Exchange in the Cayman Islands . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in . It provides developers with the ability to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax . Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day . Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started . This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method .
 The Intrinio Cape Verde Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Cape Verde Stock Exchange in Cape Verde . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in . It allows developers with the ability to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax . Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day . Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started . This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method .
 The Intrinio COMEX Real-Time Futures Prices API gives developers programmatic access to a data feed of real-time futures prices for precious metals-including gold , silver , aluminum , zinc , lead , and platinum-from the COMEX contract market . Developers can use this data to follow intra-day price movements for 50 futures and options contracts .
 The Intrinio CME Real-Time Futures Prices API provides programmatic access to a data feed of real-time futures prices for interest rates , commodities , and currencies from the CME contract market . Developers can use this data to follow intra-day price movements for more than 440 popular futures and options contracts , including foreign exchange contracts , equity index contract , and livestock contracts .
 The Intrinio Botswana Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Botswana Stock Exchange in Botswana . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio Bratislava Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Bratislava Stock Exchange in Slovakia . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio Bolivia Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Bolivia Stock Exchange in Bolivia . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio Belgrade Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Belgrade Stock Exchange in Serbia . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio NASDAQ Global Index Real Time Prices API offers a stream of updated index prices , ETF net asset values , fixed income values , index composition data , and exchange rates provided by the Global Index Data Service ( GIDS ) . Also , this service supports NASDAQ exchanges in Europe . Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection , data entry , and data analysis tools .
 The Intrinio Bermuda Stock Exchange Prices data feed provides end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Bermuda Stock Exchange in Bermuda . The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 . High , low , open , close , and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange , making them available through Intrinio ’s API and Excel add-in .
 The Intrinio CBOE Market Data Index Realtime Prices API offers 282 index values provided by Standard & Poors and CBOE . Index values are updated every 15 seconds during trading hours . Additionally , the API provides volatility indices ( such as the VIX ) . Intrinio offers payment plans for individuals , startups , developers , and enterprises . Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection , data entry , and data analysis tools .
 The Intrinio NASDAQ UTP Level 1 Real-Time Stock Prices API is a consolidated Last Sale and national best bid / ask ( NBBO ) data feed ( for the NASDAQ Stock Market ) . Data about a stock's prices across exchanges is also included ( UTP stock prices ) . The stream is provided by using WebSockets . Intrinio offers payment plans for individuals , startups , developers , and enterprises . Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection , data entry , and data analysis tools .
 The Intrinio NYSE CTA Tape B Real-Time Stock Prices API provides developers with access to a real-time data feed of consolidated Last Sale and national bid / ask data for securities on the NYSE American LLC ( aka NYSE MKT ) . This exchange was formerly known as the American Stock Exchange . NYSE MKT Tape B offers real-time composite prices comprised of Consolidated Tape Association ( CTA ) market participants .
 The Veem API is designed for businesses that send and receive international and domestic payments . This API and platform is targeted to the growing legions of businesses with global partners .
 You'll need a Veem account to use the API . Once you have a Veem account , please send them an email at devsupport@veem.com and they will provide the API credentials .
 The DBS Transaction Analytics API provide insight on customer spending patterns-money movements such as total spending on categories , monthly totals , and more . The results does not generally include current day transactions included in the totals . Current scope supports Singapore GIRO ( SG ) only .
 This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in . The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction ( Request ) per second for a given Application and API Operation .
 The DBS Fund Transfer API provide functions to transfer money between own accounts or to third parties within or outside the bank . Current scope supports Transfers in Singapore GIRO ( SG ) only . This section showcases all available endpoints and operations for Fund Transfers API .
 This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in . The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction ( Request ) per second for a given Application and API Operation .
 The DBS GIRO API enables your customers to apply for a new debit card — initiating the account opening and application submission processes.Direct Debits APIs provide functions to set up , retrieve and manage automatic electronic payments to Billing parties . Current scope supports Singapore GIRO ( SG ) .
 This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in . The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction ( Request ) per second for a given Application and API Operation .
 The DBS Limits ( Management ) API provides functionality for parties to customize their limits based on channels , category of transactions and scope . This API also provides application partners to check and manage limits utilized by a party .
 This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in . The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction ( Request ) per second for a given Application and API Operation .
 The DBS Payees API provides payee management functionalities such as adding new payees , retrieving payee details , and retrieving registered payee lists .
 This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in . The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction ( Request ) per second for a given Application and API Operation .
 The DBS Standing Instructions API provides functions to setup , retrieval , and management of automatic , scheduled , or recurring electronic payments to registered payees .
 This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in . The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction ( Request ) per second for a given Application and API Operation .
 Payments APIs provide functions to settle the payments owed by the Bank customer to Credit Cards , Loans and other Billing organizations authorized by the bank . Current scope supports payments in Singapore GIRO ( SG ) only .
 This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in . The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction ( Request ) per second for a given Application and API Operation .
 North Data is a provider of a database of profiles of German companies . The North Data German Companies API provides access to the database of company profiles including details such as company names , contacts and addresses , senior executives and legal representatives , financial performance indicators , company lifecycle , and company history . The API sends requests in URI Query String / CRUD format and returns responses in JSON or XML format .
 The DBS Rates API allows you to retrieve Exchange rates , Historical Exchange rates and set preferred FX rates for DBS Customers who have authorized to your app . Retrieve Foreign Currencies-Foreign Exchange rates . Rates can also be provided for specific input currency pair . Supported Board Rate types are Telegraphic Transfer ( TT ) , On Demand ( OD ) and Notes ( also known as Cash )
 This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in . The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction ( Request ) per second for a given Application and API Operation .
 The DBS Opportunities APIs provide functionalities to search , create , update , and retrieve the opportunities associated to any campaign or Prospect . The API generates information on opportunities via user registrations-for sales / cross-sales and leads generation .
 This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in . The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction ( Request ) per second for a given Application and API Operation .
 The DBS Prospects API provides information on prospects via user registrations , for campaign management . Functions include searching , retrieving , creating , and updating prospects .
 This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in . The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction ( Request ) per second for a given Application and API Operation .
 The DBS Channel Preferences API provides functions to view and manager customer's preference for a specific Banking channel and also to view and manage entities that were recently accessed by customer .
 This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in . The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction ( Request ) per second for a given Application and API Operation .
 The ( Mortgage ) Loan API provide functionalities to create and save , retrieve , update , cancel and search for a mortgage loan application , view list of loan pricing packages and to request for instant loan assessment . Current scope covers only retail applicant ( s ) .
 This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in . The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction ( Request ) per second for a given Application and API Operation .
 This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in . The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction ( Request ) per second for a given Application and API Operation .
 This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in . The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction ( Request ) per second for a given Application and API Operation .
 The Polygon NATS Streaming API allows you to indirectly stream stock channels . Polygon.io uses a messaging broker called NATS to connect to a NATS cluster . For Polygon.io streams you must use the NATS library for your language . Please refer to the SDK ’s tab for more information . It provides a way to access low latency , tick by tick TRADE and QUOTE data from 15 + exchanges . It offers an aggregate feed which gives you per second , or per minute updates with an overview of what happened in that timeframe and includes ; Stock TRADES , Stock QUOTES and Stock . Polygon enables you to stream real-time market data .
 The ABN AMRO Tikkie API provides a way to create payment requests via SMS , Whatsapp , Facebook Messenger and more . The Tikkie API can be used to create payment requests on behalf of users and are organized into platforms . This includes services for adding new platforms and users , creating payment requests , or retrieving information about existing payment requests . ABN AMRO Bank APIs allow you to integrate ABN AMRO services into your applications .
 The ABN AMRO Corporate Accounts API provides a way to retrieve real-time account information for insights reconciliation . It enables you to retrieve transaction history and real-time balances from ABN AMRO payment accounts . ABN AMRO Bank APIs allow you to integrate ABN AMRO services into your applications .
 The Batch Payments API provides a way to transfer multiple payments at once allowing you to automate your payment flow . It can be used to automatically transfer multiple secure payments to ABN AMRO , such as transferring batch payments from your financial software system to ABN AMRO . ABN AMRO Bank APIs allow you to integrate ABN AMRO services into your applications .
 The Intrinio NYMEX Real-Time Futures Prices API provides access to a data feed of real time futures prices from the NYMEX contract market . This feed allows users to follow intra-day price movements for 500 futures and options contracts , the majority of which are for energy-related contracts . Prices may be streamed via websocket or obtained as " snap " quotes via REST API .
 The Intrinio NYSE Global Index Feed API provides real-time access to US index and exchange-traded product valuations data from NYSE . This API includes access to NYSE , ARCA , NYSE American , and other indices along with third-party index values . Users can also get Segmented ETF IOPV values , intraday portfolio values ( IPVs ) , and daily valuation information .
 The Rehive API is a financial technology platform which eases the process of producing branded applications . The API supports multi-factor authentication , user and bank management , transactions , and accounts . JSON data is returned by all API responses . Rehive is a San Francisco based financial IT firm that provides services related to crypto-banking , crowdfunding , and employee travel accounts .
 The Binance Websocket API returns financial data in JSON objects or arrays . Endpoints cover depth , kline , trade , and user data . Developers can use the API to create currency exchange applications and services . Binance is bitcoin and cryptocurrency exchange platform .
 The Binance API returns financial data in JSON objects or arrays . Public endpoints include market data , accounts , and user streams . Developers can use the API to create currency exchange applications and services . Binance is bitcoin and cryptocurrency exchange platform .
 THE IIN API is a verification platform that integrates credit and debit card look up capabilities in order to detect fraudulent activities . Developers can white-list their API key to ensure specific servers consume the IIN API for added security . The API is REST-based with standard HTTP GET requests . ALL data is provided in JSON format . Fees are charged on a per call basis .
 The Harvest Expenses API returns a list of expenses by the spent_at date , with the most recent expenses appearing first .
 The Intrinio Algiers Stock Exchange Prices API offers end of day ( EOD ) prices from the Algiers Stock Exchange in Algeria . The API returns the most recent data point for a selected identifier such as stock market index symbol , and CIK ID . Additionally , the API offers professional-grade historical data , and lists of securities . Intrinio offers payment plans for individuals , startups , developers , and enterprises . Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection , data entry , and data analysis tools .
 The Intrinio BATS Europe BXE Prices API provides end of day prices from the BATS Europe BXE in the UK . The API delivers historical data ( back to 2007 ) , additional prices adjusted for splits and dividends , and volume and split prices in JSON or EXCEL friendly formats . Intrinio offers payment plans for individuals , startups , developers , and enterprises . Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection , data entry , and data analysis tools .
 The Intrinio Beirut Stock Exchange Prices API provides historical and the latest end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Beirut Stock Exchange in Lebanon . Additionally the API provides high , low , open , close , and volume prices . Data is validated by Exchange Data International . Intrinio offers payment plans for individuals , startups , developers , and enterprises . Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection , data entry , and data analysis tools .
 The Intrinio Banja Luka Stock Exchange Prices API offers end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Banja Luka Stock Exchange in Bosnia and Herzegovina . The API provides high , low , open , close prices , splits and dividends , volume , and latest prices . Historical data is also available . Intrinio offers payment plans for individuals , startups , developers , and enterprises . Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection , data entry , and data analysis tools .
 The Intrinio Bahrain Bourse Prices API offers real-time end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Bahrain Bourse . The API provides high , low , open , and close prices in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Historical data is also available ( back to 2007 ) . Intrinio offers payment plans for individuals , startups , developers , and enterprises . Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection , data entry , and data analysis tools .
 AirBitz is a provider of single-sign-on solutions for blockchain applications . Integrate AirBitz plugins to expand the functionality of your AirBitz Bitcoin Wallet . The plugins can be used to transact Bitcoin through Glidera , and buy discounted Starbucks and Target cards through Foldapp . The AirBitz Plugin API returns responses in JSON format .
 The eFinancialCareers Resumes API enables third party companies to search for resumes , look through the full resume views and download resumes at eFinancialCareers . eFinancialCareers provides financial services and careers websites for companies like Investment Bankers , Traders , Asset Managers , Relationship Managers , Treasurers , Risk Managers and more .
 The eFinancialCareers Job API provides access to Financial Careers services that includes ; Location Service , Edit Job , Retrieving a Job , Retrieving all Jobs , Deleting a Job and more . Your client application can interact with the API using any language that lets you issue HTTP requests and parse XML-based responses . eFinancialCareers provides financial services and careers websites for companies like Investment Bankers , Traders , Asset Managers , Relationship Managers , Treasurers , Risk Managers and more .
 The IEX WebSocket support is limited to Node.js server clients and socket.io browser clients . The IEX API provides any individual or academic , public or private institution looking to develop applications that require stock market data to access near real-time quote and trade data for all stocks trading on IEX . IEX is a stock exchange dedicated to investor protection .
 The Intrinio Zimbabwe Stock Exchange Prices API provides developers with programmatic access to a data feed of end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Zimbabwe Stock Exchange . The data includes each stock's high , low , open , close , and volume as well as adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007 .
 The Intrinio Real Time Options Prices API offers options prices from the Options Price Reporting Authority ( OPRA ) . The API provides the latest ask , bid , and sale price for options contracts . The Real Time Options Prices API features aggregated prices from 15 exchanges , equity and index options , and last sale reports with price and volume information . Intrinio offers payment plans for non-professionals , professionals , and enterprises . Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection , data entry , and data analysis tools .
 The Intrinio Irish Stock Exchange Prices API gives developers access to a data feed of end of day prices ( EOD ) from the Irish Stock Exchange . The data includes each stock's high , low , open , close , and volume as well as adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Data is available from the most recent close of trading and goes back to 2007 .
 The Capital One Customer Transactions API provides tools to provide your customers with access to view their Capital One credit card and bank account transaction data within your application . Capital One Dev provides open source integrated financial software solutions .
 The Intrinio US Equities Level 1 Real-Time Stock Prices API is a platform that provides trades and quotes from NASDAQ , NYSE & NYSE MKT . Intrinio offers specific data feeds for different composite prices . The API is WebSocket-based . Intrinio offers payment plans for non-professionals , professionals , and enterprises . Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection , data entry , and data analysis tools .
 The DarkMindFX Filings API obtain the list of all currently supported regulators , get the list of all companies supported per given regulator , get the list of available filings for each company and more . DarkMindFX provides news , analysis , information and opinions on Capital Markets , Forex and Trading .
 The Polygon API returns JSON responses to get companies , trades , historic quotes , currencies , forex ticks , and currency trades data . Polygon streams stocks and market data in real-time .
 The Intrinio NASDAQ Basic Real-Time Prices API offers real-time market data for NASDAQ , NYSE , NYSE AMEX and NYSE Arca-listed securities from the NASDAQ Market Center . Data is provided in via WebSocket in JSON format , for streaming , real-time updates . Available fields include ask , bid , last trade , volume , and more . Intrinio offers payment plans for non-professionals , professionals , and enterprises . Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection , data entry , and data analysis tools .
 The Escrow.com API is a BETA service that provides a way to make payments for your website , mobile app or marketplace with no chargebacks . Escrow.com will send you updates via Webhook at key points during a transaction by providing an HTTP endpoint . To use the API you choose a client to create your first transaction with examples that are available in Python , Ruby , PHP C# and cURL . Requests are available for ; Get Webhooks , Create a Webhook , Delete a Webhook and more . Escrow.com is a secure online payments provider and online transaction management system for consumers and businesses on the Internet .
 Escrow.com Platform API is a BETA service that provides a way to make payments for your website , mobile app or marketplace with no chargebacks . To use the API you choose a client to create your first transaction with examples that are available in Python , Ruby , PHP C# and cURL . Transactions that are available includes ; Agree to a transaction , Funding a transaction , Shipping a transaction , Disbursing a transaction and more . Escrow.com is a secure online payments provider and online transaction management system for consumers and businesses on the Internet .
 HSBC is a leading provider of banking and financial services in the UK and international locations . The HSBC Product Finder API provides functionality for searching a variety of HSBC ’s banking products including Personal Current ( PCA ) , Business Current Account ( BCA ) , SME lending products , and commercial credit cards . The RESTful API is designed to conform to the Open API as well as the data format and security standards prescribed by the Open Banking Implementation Entity ( OBIE ) .
 HSBC is a leading provider of banking and financial services in the UK and international locations . The HSBC ATM Locator API allows users to find HSBC UK ATMs by post codes , towns , geo-location , and street names . It also provides access to additional information such as currencies dispensed and supported languages . The RESTful API is designed to conform to the Open API as well as the data format and security standards prescribed by the Open Banking Implementation Entity ( OBIE ) .
 HSBC is a leading provider of banking and financial services in the UK and international locations . The HSBC Branch Locator API allows users to find HSBC UK branches by post codes , towns , geo-locations , or sort codes . It also provides access to additional information such as opening times and available facilities at particular branches . The RESTful API is designed to conform to the Open API as well as the data format and security standards prescribed by the Open Banking Implementation Entity ( OBIE ) .
 LEICheck is a REST based platform that returns queries related to Legal Entity Identifier ( LEI ) numbers and entities . Developers can verify the validity of a LEI , search for entities , and retrieve updated lists . The API supports JSON for responses . LEICheck features a fixed plan with 5,000 monthly requests .
 The DJII ( Dow Jones Industrial Index ) Taxonomy API translates search queries into the recommended Factiva codes required for organization profile searches . The information contained in the Factiva databases is split into different categories including Authors , Industries , Languages , Market Indices , News Subjects , Regions , and Sources . The RESTful API sends requests and returns responses in JSON format . The API is currently a Beta release .
 The Novopayment Authentications API enables security processes related to transactions . It provides account login , token generation and authentication tools for the validation of your user's credentials against other applications . The available functions include ; Generate authentication credentials , Validate authentication credentials and User login . NovoPayment offers bank-grade integration , middleware services , and a multi-country , multi-currency platform that is able to address a full range of back-office and front-end payment needs . This includes access to local and global acquiring , ATM , reload , remittance , and mobile networks and more . NovoPayment enables digital financial and transactional services , and provides a way for banks , financial institutions , and others to leverage their existing systems and services to generate new deposits and transaction streams .
 The Novopayment Money Transfers API allows users with the authorized credentials to send money to third party accounts . The Money Transfer Tools service enables you to send money between different parties like individuals , businesses , merchants and agents . The money transfer APIs provides cash transfers between different payment ecosystem participants that includes ; card / account holders businesses , merchants and corresponding agents . NovoPayment offers bank-grade integration , middleware services , and a multi-country , multi-currency platform that is able to address a full range of back-office and front-end payment needs . This includes access to local and global acquiring , ATM , reload , remittance , and mobile networks and more . NovoPayment enables digital financial and transactional services , and provides a way for banks , financial institutions , and others to leverage their existing systems and services to generate new deposits and transaction streams .
 The Novopayment Customer Support Tools API enables users with the authorized credentials to block stored value accounts . It allows you to block accounts , change PIN , report , process incidents , and more . Customer support tools provide call center and support personnel with useful back-office functions for cash management programs such as blocking a card or virtual account , changing a PIN , reporting incidents among others . Some available tools include ; Block or Replace Account / Card , Positive Identification , Replace card , User identification and more . NovoPayment offers bank-grade integration , middleware services , and a multi-country , multi-currency platform that is able to address a full range of back-office and front-end payment needs . This includes access to local and global acquiring , ATM , reload , remittance , and mobile networks and more . NovoPayment enables digital financial and transactional services , and provides a way for banks , financial institutions , and others to leverage their existing systems and services to generate new deposits and transaction streams .
 The Registration Cardholder API allows you to update information in stored value accounts . It is a tool to enable the creation of new individual or bulk user accounts and cash management programs for businesses , merchants , corresponding agents and end users . Some available operations include ; Registration , Self-Registration , Cardholder's , Account Creation and more . NovoPayment offers bank-grade integration , middleware services , and a multi-country , multi-currency platform that is able to address a full range of back-office and front-end payment needs . This includes access to local and global acquiring , ATM , reload , remittance , and mobile networks and more . NovoPayment enables digital financial and transactional services , and provides a way for banks , financial institutions , and others to leverage their existing systems and services to generate new deposits and transaction streams .
 The Novopayment Inquiries API provides balance and transaction history , transactions by category , agent commissions and more . The Inquiry cardholder API enables balance and transaction inquiries on stored value accounts that make it possible to retrieve account balances and other transactional information for businesses , merchants , corresponding agents and cardholder accounts . Some available functions include ; Account balance , Recent transactions , Transaction history and more . NovoPayment offers bank-grade integration , middleware services , and a multi-country , multi-currency platform that is able to address a full range of back-office and front-end payment needs . This includes access to local and global acquiring , ATM , reload , remittance , and mobile networks and more . NovoPayment enables digital financial and transactional services , and provides a way for banks , financial institutions , and others to leverage their existing systems and services to generate new deposits and transaction streams .
 The Cash Management API provides a way to manage money in real time that allows you to disburse unused funds , and request payments between businesses , merchants , corresponding agents and end users . Some available functions includes ; Cash disbursement , Cash recovery , Deposits , and Withdrawals . The Cash Management service is real-time cash management tool that enables companies to process deposits and withdrawals from stored value accounts . NovoPayment offers bank-grade integration , middleware services , and a multi-country , multi-currency platform that is able to address a full range of back-office and front-end payment needs . This includes access to local and global acquiring , ATM , reload , remittance , and mobile networks and more . NovoPayment enables digital financial and transactional services , and provides a way for banks , financial institutions , and others to leverage their existing systems and services to generate new deposits and transaction streams .
 The OCBC Forex Rates API provides a list of updated currency exchange rates by OCBC that allows users to perform calculations across currencies . The Forex Rates API provides the latest foreign exchange rate and allows users to monitor the performance of their investment products or identify products to invest in . The API ’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 The OCBC Authorization API enables OCBC customers to grant app access to OCBC transactional APIs . The Authorization API provides integration to developers using the OAuth 2.0 framework to integrate the APIs into applications . This includes access to the Pay Anyone service that allows users the ability to transfer funds to one another . The API ’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 The OCBC Merchant Card Payments API enables OCBC customers to integrate card payment APIs seamlessly with existing systems for transactional capabilities . The Merchant Card Payments API provides transactions using card payments APIs that includes ; authorize , capture , sale , void and query transactions . The API ’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 The Dow Jones Content API [ Beta ] supports the search and retrieval of news and other items from the Factiva content platform . Apart from implement curation of news articles the API's endpoints can be used to access individual articles and sets of complete news articles . It also facilitates content searches using a variety of parameters including organization codes and accession numbers . The API returns responses JSON format and is still a Beta release .
 The Dow Jones Organizations API allows developers to build applications for searching and retrieving company profiles . The API is deployed in combination with the Factiva Taxonomy API which is responsible for translating search queries into the recommended Factiva codes required for the profile searches . It sends requests and returns responses in JSON format .
 The OCBC Deposit Machines And Safe Boxes API provides a list of OCBC Deposit Machines and Branches with their location details to identify the number of deposit machines and branches at a given address and provides specific instructions to get there . The Deposit Machines And Safe Boxes API allows you to map out deposit machines and branches to help users locate them and guides them to a nearby Quick Cheque Deposit as well as the location data of every OCBC Quick Cheque Deposit . The API ’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 The OCBC Branches and Centres API provides a list of OCBC bank branches and centres location details and operating hours . It allows access to view the operating hours of each branch or centre to help users plan their visit . The Branches and Centres API allows you to map out OCBC branches and centres , locate them and find a branch or centre that provides the services that are needed . The API ’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 The OCBC Study Loans API provides an update list of OCBC Study Loans that finance your university studies . It allows access to Get loan details such as loan amount , interest rates , benefits and more . The Study Loans API refines search criteria that filters the products to fetch only the desired results that are tailored to the benefits that your users are looking for . The API ’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 The OCBC Secured Overdraft API provides an updated list of OCBC Secured Overdraft that pledge assets to the bank as security . It allows access to Get loan details such as description and interest rates and more . The Secured Overdraft API refines search criteria that filters the products to fetch only the desired results that are tailored to the benefits that your users are looking for . The API ’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 The OCBC Property Loans API provides an updated list of OCBC Property Loans that help you build your dream house . It allows access to Get loan details such as description , loan amount and more . The Property Loans API refines search criteria that filters the products to fetch only the desired results that are tailored to the benefits that your users are looking for . The API ’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 The OCBC Home Loans API provides an updated list of OCBC Home Loans that are available to buy a house . It allows access to Get loan details such as loan amount , interest rates , benefits and more . The Home Loans API refines search criteria that filters the products to fetch only the desired results that are tailored to the benefits that your users are looking for . The API ’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 The OCBC Cash Loans API provides a list of OCBC Cash Loans that you can borrow from . It allows access to Get loan details such as loan amount , interest rates , benefits and more . The Cash Loans API refines search criteria that filters the products to fetch only the desired results that are tailored to the benefits that your users are looking for . The API ’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 The OCBC Car Loans API provides an updated list of OCBC Car Loans that finance your car purchase . It allows access to Get loan details such as loan amount , interest rates , benefits and more . The Car Loans API refines search criteria that filters the products to fetch only the desired results that are tailored to the benefits that your users are looking for . The API ’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 The OCBC Unit Trust API provides users with an updated list of available Unit Trusts that allows access to product details on how it works , benefits , key risks and more . The Unit Trust API refines search criteria that filters the products to fetch only the desired results that are tailored to the risk profile of your users . The API ’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 The OCBC Treasury API provides users with an updated list of available Treasury products to grow your money . It allows access to product details on how it works , benefits , key risks and more . The Treasury API refines search criteria that filters the products to fetch only the desired results that are tailored to the risk profile of your users . The API ’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 This API provides a list of OCBC Travel Insurance Policies for coverage while travelling that is updated regularly . . That allows you to Refine Your Search Criteria and Filter out policies to fetch only the results that you are interested in . This API has access to Policy Details that Gets premiums , benefits , coverage and more . The API ’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 Compliance.ai provides users with programmatic access to financial regulation data for use in a variety of applications . The API enables developers to add valuable features like topic based search and filters to get real-time insights on changes in the regulatory environment . The API automatically aggregates data from : Federal & State agencies , Enforcements , Regulatory publications from press and independent agencies , White papers , Millions of existing and new rules , Executive orders , and Notices .
 The OCBC Maternity Insurance API provides a list of OCBC Maternity Insurance policies that is updated regularly . It allows you to Refine Your Search Criteria , Filter out policies to fetch only the desired results , and Access Policy Details that Get policy premiums , benefits , coverage and more . The API ’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 The OCBC Life Insurance API provides a list of OCBC Life Insurance policies that is updated regularly . It allows you to Refine Your Search Criteria , Filter out policies to fetch only the desired results , and Access Policy Details that Get policy premiums , benefits , coverage and more . The API ’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 The OCBC Endowment Insurance API provides a list of OCBC Endowment Insurance policies that is updated regularly . It allows you to ; Refine Your Search Criteria , Filter policies to fetch desired results , and access Policy Details that Get premiums , benefits , coverage and more . The API ’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 The OCBC Car Insurance API provides a list of OCBC Car Insurance Policies that is updated regularly . It allows users the ability to filter out policies to fetch desired results , Get a list of insurance policies tailored to the benefits that your users are looking for , and obtain recommended car insurance with details that includes ; Get policy details , premiums , benefits , coverage and more . The API ’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 The OCBC Debit Card Advisor provides debit card suggestions based on your user's lifestyle . It allows you to design your app with a short questionnaire to obtain the traits of your user's lifestyle so that relevant debit card recommendations will be returned instantaneously . The API ’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 The OCBC Current Accounts API provides a list of OCBC Current Accounts that Get account details such as eligibility , minimum deposit , benefits , and more ! The API's retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications and allows you to create a Financial Literacy App for children . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 The OCBC Foreign Accounts API provides a list of OCBC Foreign Currency Accounts and a filter for foreign accounts to fetch only the results that you are interested in . It allows you to get foreign account details including ; eligibility , minimum deposit , benefits , and more ! The API ’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 The OCBC Savings Accounts API provides an updated list of OCBC Savings Accounts and access to savings account details that Get eligibility , minimum deposit , benefits , and more ! The API's retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 The OCBC Children Accounts API provides a list of OCBC Children's Accounts , access to Children's Account Details and allows you to get children's account details such as eligibility , minimum deposit , benefits , and more ! The API's retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications and allows you to create a Financial Literacy App for children . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 The OCBC Deposit Accounts API retrieves a list of OCBC deposit accounts for your everyday deposits and withdrawals . It provides users with a recommended list of deposit accounts upon assessment , and shows users the comparison results between the various deposit accounts options . It allows you to refine the search criteria filter for deposit accounts to fetch only the results that you are interested in and get deposit account details that include ; eligibility , minimum deposit , benefits , and more ! The API ’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 The OCBC Credit Card Advisor API provides credit card suggestions based on your user's lifestyle . It allows you to design your app with a short questionnaire to obtain the traits of your user's lifestyle so that relevant credit card recommendations will be returned instantaneously . The API ’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 Vantiv's eProtect and OmniToken for Enterprise solutions help solve your card-not-present challenges by virtually eliminating payment data from your order handling systems , transferring the ownership to Vantiv and reducing PCI applicable controls . It controls the fields on your checkout page that hold sensitive card data and includes ; Authorize transactions , Sales transactions , Force capture transactions , and more . The eProtect feature is compatible with the following ; Native Applications on Mobile Operating Systems , and Browsers ; Visa Checkout , Internet Explorer 8 , Chrome 1 , Android 2.3 , Apple iOS 3.2 , Windows Phone 10 and more . The eCommerce platform has rich payment processing features that developers can use to build payment enabled applications . Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions , payment applications for a mobile application , next generation POS , and eCommerce website solutions , for various partners , as well as the customers they serve .
 This Vantiv service allows you to integrate the Customer Browser JavaScript API eProtect solution into your checkout page . This includes ; Authorize transactions , Sales transactions , Force capture transactions , and more . Vantiv's eProtect solution features are that it controls the fields on your checkout page that collect sensitive cardholder data . The eProtect feature is compatible with the following ; Native Applications on Mobile Operating Systems , and Browsers ; Internet Explorer 8 , Chrome 1 , Android 2.3 , Apple iOS 3.2 , Windows Phone 10 and more . The eCommerce platform has rich payment processing features that developers can use to build payment enabled applications . Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions , payment applications for a mobile application , next generation POS , and eCommerce website solutions , for various partners , as well as the customers they serve .
 The Account Updater API enables you to receive updated credit card information without having to contact each customer individually with some features that includes : New account number and / or new expiration date , Account closed notification , Contact customer notification , Engage in recurring billing , and more . Account Updater is an optional product that allows you to request and receive updated information concerning MasterCard , Visa , and Discover cardholder accounts . It is used to offer a recurring billing payment plan for customers . It provides a way to integrate complex online payments that connect to shopping carts , or adding disruptive technologies to your online stores . This type of billing includes subscription services , membership fees , multi-payment programs , and various preferred customer programs . The eCommerce platform has rich payment processing features that developers can use to build payment enabled applications . Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions , payment applications for a mobile application , next generation POS , and eCommerce website solutions , for various partners , as well as the customers they serve .
 The Vantiv LitleXML CNP API provides a way to send and receive secure XML encoded transactions for both batch and online transactions . It has detailed information about card not present , API XML message format , and transaction examples and Certification test cases . It is used for payment processing with Vantiv , LLC . to perform unattended transaction testing and attended that , certification testing with Vantiv , and transaction processing using cnpAPI . This includes ; Testing and certification process , Authorization Transactions , Authorization Reversal Transactions , Activate Transactions and more . Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions , payment applications for a mobile application , next generation POS , and eCommerce website solutions , for various partners , as well as the customers they serve .
 The Intrinio Vienna Stock Exchange Prices API provides programmatic access to a data feed of end of day prices from the Vienna Stock Exchange in Austria . Available data includes the high , low , open , close , and volume for all stocks as well as adjusted prices for splits and dividends . The most recent trade data is available as well as data going back to 2007 .
 The Intrinio NASDAQ Helsinki Stock Prices API provides programmatic access to a data feed of end of day prices from the NASDAQ Helsinki in Finland . Available data includes the high , low , open , close , and volume for each stock as well as adjusted prices for splits and dividends . This feed includes the most recent trading data and historical data back to 2007 .
 The Intrinio Berlin Stock Exchange Prices API provides programmatic access to a data feed of end of day prices from the Berlin Stock Exchange in Germany . Available data includes the high , low , open , close , and volume for each stock as well as adjusted prices for splits and dividends . This feed includes the most recent trading data and historical data back to 2007 .
 The OCBC GIRO API allow users to track their expenditures and advises them on ways to increase their monthly savings and provides a way to make bill payments directly from your app . It is called using the HTTP GET method with a chain of optional query parameters that is returned in a JSON formatted response . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 The Intrinio Munich Stock Prices API offers end of day stock prices on the MUN German stock exchange . The API supports high , low , open , close , volume , split ratio , and adjusted prices for each stock . The API offers historical data that goes back to 2007 . Data is provided in CSV and JSON . Access prices differ per individuals , startups , and developers . Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection , data entry , and data analysis tools .
 The Visa Supplier Matching Service API simplifies and hastens the identification of suppliers that accept Visa Commercial payment products . It returns responses of supplier information matching the specified search parameters . The API conveys requests and responses in JSON format . Although the API ’s Sandbox environment is accessible to developers , its production environment is restricted to approved partners .
 Visa B2B Virtual Account Payment Method provides a secure and flexible platform that businesses can use to deploy virtual accounts as B2B portals for automating the process of paying suppliers . The API conveys requests and responses in JSON format . Its production environment is restricted to approved partners .
 Visa Payments Processing API provides a direct link to Visa ’s global payment system through which Visa clients including approved merchants , acquirers and acquirer processors can process card-not-present payments . The API conveys requests and responses in JSON format . Although the API ’s Sandbox environment is accessible to developers , its production environment is restricted to approved partners .
 Visa B2B Connect is a platform for developing interactive payments solutions for banks and their corporate clients . Currently open to only participating pilot banks , the Visa B2B Connect API supports the development of applications that enable end-to-end processing of B2B payments of transactions in a variety of currencies and across international borders . The API is currently a beta release and provides endpoints for Bank , Company , Reference Data , and Payments . Although the API ’s Sandbox environment is accessible to developers , its production environment is restricted to approved partners .
 The Intrinio Madrid Stock Exchange Prices API gives developers programmatic access to a data feed of end of day stock prices from the Madrid Stock Exchange in Spain . Available data includes the high , low , open , close , and volume for each stock as well as adjusted prices for splits and dividends . This data goes back to 2007 and is updated daily .
 The TSX Venture NEX Stock Exchange Prices API provides programmatic access to a data feed of end of day stock prices for all securities trading on the TSX Venture NEX Stock Exchange in Canada . Available data includes the high , low , open , close , and volume for each stock as well as adjusted prices for splits and dividends . Data is available back to 2007 and is updated daily .
 The Intrinio Canadian National Stock Exchange Prices API is a data feed that provides end of day stock prices ( EOD ) from the Canadian National Stock Exchange . Available data includes the high , low , close , and volume for each stock as well as adjusted prices for splits and dividends . This data goes back to 2007 and is updated daily .
 The Visa Mobile Location Confirmation service API makes it easier for Visa Card issuers to access enhanced security features including Authorization score and VisaNet ’s location match Indicator . Although the API ’s sandbox environment is accessible by any developer , its production environment is restricted to Visa issuers because the issuers can access the enhanced score and Location Match Indicator only through the VisaNet authorization message . The API sends requests and returns responses in JSON format .
 The Unblu Web API returns financial data for banking applications such as accounts , contacts , domains , and statistics . It's available in REST architecture with JSON formats . Unblu provides secure co-browsing services to connect bank and other business institutions to their customers .
 The Intrinio Zacks Current Long-Term Growth Estimates API provides programmatic access to a data feed of consensus estimates of the long-term earnings per share growth rate for US and Canadian companies . It offers more than 4,500 consensus estimates , including quarterly and annual estimates of earnings as well as high , low , mean , and median data points for stocks .
 The Intrinio Zacks Historical Long-Term Growth Estimates API provides programmatic access to a data feed of more than 4,500 historical consensus estimates of long-term growth of earnings per share for US and Canadian companies . This data can be used for detailed backtesting of Zacks estimates or to estimate future earnings . Five years of historical data are provided , and more is available upon request .
 The Intrinio Zacks Current Price Targets API provides programmatic access to a data feed of consensus estimates of future stock prices for US and Canadian companies . The feed provides both quarterly and annual estimates for more than 4,500 stocks including high , low , mean , and median estimates , as well as percent change and standard deviation .
 The Intrinio Zacks Historical Price Targets API provides programmatic access to a data feed of more than 4,500 current and historical consensus estimates of future stock prices for US and Canadian companies . It includes high , low , mean , and median estimates , as well as percent change and standard deviation . This feed includes five years of historical data , and more is available upon request .
 The Nexchange API provides crypto currency exchange that includes Get Currencies , Get Pairs , Latest Ticker , Ticker History and more . NexchangeIO is a secure open source crypto to crypto exchange service for BTC-Bitcoin , LTC-Litecoin and ETH-Ethereum .
 The Advicent Narrator Connect Naviplan Financial Planning API supports the ability to view various aspects of the financial plans generated within the Naviplan ® financial planning tool . It enables firms to deliver financial applications using a customizable , integrated , and differentiated experience and supports the ability to retrieve goals , cash flows , and other financial information . Advicent provides a way to engage on financial planning topics to take customer feedback in order to assist advisors in their workflows . They offer solutions to guide clients through the financial planning process , context surrounding a client ’s financial plan , and create an experience for clients as they engage with you on your digital platform that includes access to information and tools , such as financial plans , personal financial management , account aggregation , secure document sharing , collaboration tools , and more .
 The Advicent Narrator Connect Naviplan Fact Finder API is used for accessing the Narrator Fact Finder and provides a way to capture your client ’s demographic information , current financial status and goals . Advicent provides a way to engage on financial planning topics to take customer feedback in order to assist advisors in their workflows . They offer solutions to guide clients through the financial planning process , context surrounding a client ’s financial plan , and create an experience for clients as they engage with you on your digital platform that includes access to information and tools , such as financial plans , personal financial management , account aggregation , secure document sharing , collaboration tools , and more .
 The Intrinio EPS Surprises API compares pre-earnings estimates with actual earnings reported by companies ( used to identify Earnings Per Share surprises ) . If there is a significant difference between both quantities , the API will provide related information by the research analysts . Data is available in CSV and JSON . Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection , data entry , and data analysis tools .
 The Intrinio Corporate Events Dates API provides programmatic access to a feed of more that 25 corporate action date data points for over 6,000 companies . The feed includes dividend pay dates , ex-dates , currency , amount , frequency , upcoming earnings dates , conference call dates , and broadcast URLs . It covers both US and global securities .
 The US OTC Bulletin Board Prices API gives developers programmatic access to a feed of daily updates for all stocks trading on the OTC Bulletin Board . This feed includes both adjusted and unadjusted prices as well as volume , open , low , high , and close prices . It also includes dividends , adjustments , and splits . The feed is updated at 10 pm EST .
 The Intrinio Zacks Sales Surprises API gives analysts and developers access to a data feed of pre-earnings release consensus sales estimates for thousands of US and Canadian stocks . These estimates are aggregated , validated , and compared to non-GAAP sales reported by the company , which gives the amount and percent surprise on release
 The Intrinio Zacks Current Analyst Ratings API provides applications with buy , sell , and hold recommendations by professional financial analysts . The API supports over 4,500 companies with average rating , number of analysts , and rating dates . Data is available in CSV and JSON . Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection , data entry , and data analysis tools .
 The Thomson Reuters Data Fusion GraphFeed API supports the integration of data processing functionality in financial apps . The API sends requests in URI Query String / CRUD format and returns JSON-formatted responses .
 The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( OCBC ) is a Singapore-based bank that has operations spanning 17 countries . The OCBC Account Transaction History API allows developers to integrate the functionalities for accessing the account transaction histories of OCBC customers . It is a useful platform for building financial services apps including banking , accounting , and budgeting apps that can assist customers to plan and manage their personal finance targets . The API returns JSON responses and requires token authentication . The API is currently a beta release .
 The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( OCBC ) is a Singapore-based bank that has operations spanning 17 countries . The OCBC Rewards Calculator facilitates the calculation of a user ’s redeemable rewards attributable to their OCBC loyalty accounts . Developers can make API calls using the HTTP method and URI Query String . The API returns responses in JSON format .
 The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( OCBC ) is a Singapore-based bank that has operations spanning 17 countries . The OCBC Pay Anyone facilitates money transfer to any recipients without using their bank account numbers . This is made possible by use of alternative credentials that include email addresses and Facebook accounts . The API returns JSON responses and requires token authentication . The API is currently a beta release .
 The Intrinio Zacks Historical Earnings Estimates API provides programmatic access to current and historical estimates of earnings from Zacks Investment Research for US and Canadian securities . The available data includes quarterly and annual estimates of earnings per share , estimate dates , fiscal periods , the percent change , and the standard deviation of estimates . Developers can use this data to estimate future earnings and to perform detailed back testing analysis of Zacks estimates .
 The Intrinio Zacks Current Earnings Estimates API provides programmatic access to analyst estimates of future earnings for thousands of US and Canadian securities from Zacks Investment Research . Information available through this API includes quarterly and annual estimates of earnings , estimate dates , fiscal periods , the percent change , and the standard deviation of estimates .
 The Flinks API mirrors the complete authentication process for a bank that includes ; Get Accounts Summary , Get Accounts Detail , Get Statements and more . It allows you to validate account ownership , verify account balance and access transaction history . Flinks provides a way to connect applications with Canadian bank accounts .
 The Intrinio Zacks Historical Sales Estimates API provides programmatic access to current and historical estimates of sales from Zacks Investment Research for US and Canadian securities . This information includes both quarterly and annual sales estimates , estimate dates , the percentage change , and the standard deviation of estimates . This SDK can be used for backtesting of Zacks estimates as well as valuation analysis .
 This SOAP API is Forte ’s merchant web services that include the following parameters ; Client , Transactions , Merchant and AGI Transaction . It allows you to create and manage client and payment method tokens , search and pull transaction information and Forte Payment pull hierarchy data . Forte provides a way to build scalable , secure payment applications for In-person , Online , Mobile and Recurring , suite of single source payment solutions for merchants and developers .
 The Forte Payments Webhooks API allows you access to Forte's webhook payloads and depending on these subscriptions , multiple events can occur during an operation with examples for ; Sale Transaction Webhook , Customer Webhook , and Payment Method Webhook . Forte notifies merchants about events through subscriptions and provides near-real-time notifications about the events that occur during a transaction through POSTs to a customer-defined endpoint with the following resources : Transactions , Schedules , Customers and more . Forte provides a way to build scalable , secure payment applications for In-person , Online , Mobile and Recurring , suite of single source payment solutions for merchants and developers .
 The Forte Checkouts API enables you to make payments on your site with a few lines of code that includes methods for ; sale , schedule , token and auth , for Visa , Mast , Amex , Dine and more . It creates a customizable JavaScript button that sits on top of your existing site with Up-to-date customer data , Advanced form field settings and more . Checkouts Pay Now button uses an HTML form POST action with a signature . When the button with coded parameters on the client side is activated , Forte servers read the parameters and populate the modal window . It includes a Forte namespaced version of jQuery that won't conflict with other client-side jQuery code . Forte ’s Checkouts supported browsers are Internet Explorer , Firefox , Chrome and Safari . Forte provides a way to build scalable , secure payment applications for In-person , Online , Mobile and Recurring , suite of single source payment solutions for merchants and developers .
 The Forte Payment Systems platform captures purchase information via swipe or key entry , processes credit card , EFT , and recurring transactions , automatically responds to your point-of-sale machine approving or denying the transaction and uploads completed transaction information to Forte ’s Virtual Terminal application . It allows you to format , create , and process messages with data methods of data transmission that includes ; SSL , SOAP , or RAW HTTP . Forte provides a way to build scalable , secure payment applications for In-person , Online , Mobile and Recurring , suite of single source payment solutions for merchants and developers .
 The Intrinio TipRanks Blogger Ratings API provides programmatic access to a data feed of buy and sell opinions on US stocks from financial bloggers , along with their respective blogs . Back testing is available to help determine the accuracy of past opinions for a given blogger or blog . Developers should contact Intrinio if they are interested in historical data .
 The Intrinio TipRanks Analyst Ratings API provides programmatic access to a data feed that includes target prices and buy , sell , or hold recommendations for US stocks from financial analysts , along with the firms those analysts represent . Back testing is available to help determine the accuracy of past ratings for a given analyst or firm . Developers should contact Intrinio if they are interested in historical data .
 The Zynx Health API provides access to Zynx Content in the Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources standard format . FHIR is a specification for exchanging healthcare data . Zynx Health provides evidence based clinical decision support solutions for providers to improve care quality .
 The Rise Marketplace Product API provides a product catalog that identifies financial products suitable for a person based on their personal circumstances , according to data found in comparisons and lists . It is available with OAuth2 authentication , Swagger 2.0 JSON file type , and JSON and URI as request and response formats .
 The Profitspi Technical Indicators API aims to provide dynamic results for a large number of technical analysis calculations such as Moving Averages , Accumulation Distribution , Bollinger Bands , MACD , Relative Strength Index , Beta , Sharpe Ratio , Stochastics , and others .
 The PredictiveOps API provides access to Predictive Inc.'s repository of SEC Form ADV data . The PredictiveOps API contains an archive of information relating to Form ADV filings , including Part 1 , Schedule A , Schedule B , Schedule D , Form PF , and Disclosure Reporting Pages . In addition to providing Form ADV data , the PredictiveOps API can generate a list of changes between two Form ADV filing dates . The PredictiveOps API also provides a list of all newly filed Form ADVs for the current day .
 The OCBC Education Calculator API estimates a student education amount . Developers can call the interface via HTTP GET method with a chain of query parameters , receiving responses as a JSON data object . Some features include estimated education cost and years , total savings , and investment amount . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 FinFolio wealthlab.io is a REST API for portfolio management and trading to import and store data , run calculations and reports , trade , rebalance and bill your portfolios , that stores households , clients , accounts and securities . Some features include ; Client billing and payouts , Financial Calculations , Custodial Imports and more . FinFolio's wealthlab.io is a headless , stand-alone API version of the main FinFolio portfolio management application that is built on a mature code base . FinFolio provides a portfolio management software solution for investment advisors and money managers .
 wealthapi.io is the most robust portfolio management and accounting API available to financial services technology teams . Our API allows Broker Dealers , TAMPs , RIAs , banks , FinTech apps and custodians to save years and hundreds of thousands of dollars on development of boring backend functionality like time weighted return or complex rebalancing trade logic + much much more . FinTech today is moving fast , and wealthAPI allows you to leapfrog the competition and focus on building an exceptional client experience , fast .
 The Rise Marketplace Investment Calculator API calculates the investment returns for a specified member for a given investment type . The investment type is one of the Investment / Revenue Tips such as SalarySacrificeSuper or BuyInvestmentProperty . The API returns a list of investment values for every year of the investment . This information can be used to graph investment returns over a number of years . It is available with OAuth2 authentication , Swagger 2.0 JSON file type , and JSON and URI as request and response formats .
 The Third Party Trade API gives developers access to a licensed brokerage suite for launching their own trading , investing , banking , or wealth management products . End users can create investment accounts instantly without a paper or web signature , and developers can obtain holdings and transaction information from accounts in real time . The Third Party Trade API includes methods for verifying and processing account funding transactions , as well as for creating , modifying , and viewing orders for trading securities . The API can also access financial information that can be used to build non-transactional finance portals .
 Woodseer Dividend Forecasting provide full forecasts ( date and amount ) going ahead 24 months for 40,000 + listings across 950 + indices in 100 + countries . All forecasts are algorithmically generated and manually reviewed by our London-based team of analysts . Woodseer is the product of a partnership between EDI ( est. 1994 ) and DividendMax ( est. 2011 ) .
 The Simplify Commerce API is a secure platform to build payments into an app or website . It allows you to add PCI-compliant payment pages to a site , control the user experience , and all of the sensitive payments data is stored on Mastercard servers . This includes ; Coupon , FraudCheck , InvoiceItem , TransactionReview , Subscription and more . Simplify Commerce provides a way to implement an all-in-one payment solution for websites , mobile apps and in-person .
 The Mastercard Payment Gateway Service delivers an enhanced digital payment experience on any device . This enables customers to accept and process transactions across e-commerce , m-commerce and cardholder present channels and includes ; Hosted Checkout , Hosted Session , Direct Payment and Batch . It also includes a variety of channels such as ; Web / eCommerce , Mail-order / Telephone-order , Call centre / IVR , Mobile / mCommerce , SMS , and more . MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals , Business , Travel and Leisure , Airlines , Telecommunications , Retail , Gaming , Entertainment and more .
 The MasterCard Payment Gateway sends Webhook notifications in the format that you configure in either REST or NVP for Merchant Administration . It allows you to configure a global notification URL in Merchant Administration to receive notifications for all transaction updates at the URL . The Mastercard Payment Gateway Service enables customers to accept and process transactions across e-commerce , m-commerce and cardholder present channels and includes ; Hosted Checkout , Hosted Session , Direct Payment and Batch . MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals , Business , Travel and Leisure , Airlines , Telecommunications , Retail , Gaming , Entertainment and more .
 The Mastercard Payment Gateway Service delivers an enhanced digital payment experience on any device . This enables customers to accept and process transactions across e-commerce , m-commerce and cardholder present channels and includes ; Hosted Checkout , Hosted Session , Direct Payment and Batch . Operations are sent to the gateway as HTTP POST operations with all arguments as name-value pairs in the HTTP body . MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals , Business , Travel and Leisure , Airlines , Telecommunications , Retail , Gaming , Entertainment and more .
 Mastercard Qkr is a mobile payments platform that allows consumers to order and pay for goods and services using their smart device . It enables partners to embed merchant embedded Masterpass registration , card management and checkout flows directly into their mobile commerce apps . Generate sales reports and view real time analytics , gather and respond to consumer feedback , manage your product inventory and your customer experience . Some functions include ; Pay-at-Table , Open Tab , Order ahead and more . MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals , Business , Travel and Leisure , Airlines , Telecommunications , Retail , Gaming , Entertainment and more .
 Spend Controls enables cardholders to temporarily turn off their card or receive alerts for all , set transaction controls and alert rules based on transaction amount , transaction type , home country and more . It allows cardholders to manage their spending by setting alerts for transactions and setting decline rules based on transaction amount and transaction type . The service also provides the capability for cardholders to temporarily stop all transactions on their card while allowing recurring transactions to continue , and allows for alerts on all transactions . MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals , Business , Travel and Leisure , Airlines , Telecommunications , Retail , Gaming , Entertainment and more .
 The Simplify Commerce API is a secure platform to build payments into an app or website . The Webhook Objects represent HTTP endpoints that will receive callbacks after various events . The API allows you to add PCI-compliant payment pages to a site , control the user experience , and all of the sensitive payments data is stored on Mastercard servers . This includes ; Coupon , FraudCheck , InvoiceItem , TransactionReview , Subscription and more . Simplify Commerce provides a way to implement an all-in-one payment solution for websites , mobile apps and in-person .
 This API is an Open Banking standard that allows you to register an intent to retrieve account information by creating an “ account request ” . This registers the data “ permissions ” , expiration and transaction history timeframe the customer ( PSU ) has consented to provide to the AISP ; and Subsequently retrieve account and transaction data . Open banking provides a way to share customer information securely with personalized financial advice to third party providers .
 The Payment Initiation API Specification describes the flows and payloads for initiating a single immediate domestic payment . The endpoints allow a PISP to ; Register an intent to setup a payment instruction , Subsequently submit the payment instruction for processing and Optionally retrieve the status of a payment setup or submission . Open banking provides a way to share customer information securely with personalized financial advice to third party providers .
 The TrueLayer REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of TrueLayer with other applications and to create new applications . Some example API methods include listing accounts , retrieving account balances , and retrieving account transactions . TrueLayer provides developers with tools to integrate banking systems and infrastructure with financial services products .
 This Mastercard web service allows you to make commerce simple with the Masterpass Chatbot . It enables you to set up a Facebook Messenger Chatbot and connect with a Masterpass Enabled Merchant to process a payment in-chat . Quickly and easily integrate Masterpass payment technology into conversational commerce experiences that supports commerce payments in popular messaging platforms that includes ; Facebook Messenger , Skype , Telegram , Slack and more . MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for individuals and business .
 The Intrinio Zacks Current Sales Estimates API allows developers to access insights from Zacks Investment Research for use in analyst estimates of future sales of US and Canadian securities . Available information includes quarterly and annual estimates of earnings , estimate dates , the percent change , and the standard deviation of estimates . More than 4,500 consensus estimates are provided .
 This simple plaintext query API allows you to retrieve data from blockchain.info . Blockchain provides tools for open and accessible financial software solutions that help you build Bitcoin apps .
 The WebSocket API allows developers to receive Real-Time notifications about new transactions and blocks . it provides Real-Time blockchain data from Blockchain.info . Blockchain provides tools for open and accessible financial software solutions that help you build Bitcoin apps .
 The Blockchain Market Prices and Exchanges Rates API returns a blockcahin.info JSON object with the currency codes as keys . Blockchain provides tools for open and accessible financial software solutions that help you build Bitcoin apps .
 The Sandbox Banking REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Sandbox with other applications . Some example API methods include managing customers , managing accounts , managing loans , and managing transactions . Sandbox Banking provides solutions to integrate new software with banking systems .
 Afterbanks provides a bank aggregation system designed for the Spanish , Portuguese , and Mexican markets . Applications can integrate with Afterbanks in order to obtain balances and diverse information in real time . The API supports 54 banks , and 256-bit encryption . JSON is the preferred exchange format . Developers can connect up to 5 accounts for free ; paid plans that support advanced features are also available .
 The BBVA Notifications API provides a way for developers to set up basic delivery configuration parameters for a specific application . The API allows you to get notified in real time of your customers banking transactions . It provides methods to retrieve and or delete the subscriptions associated to the application that allows for the following operations ; Create , retrieve , update and delete the configuration parameters for an application , Get all the subscriptions associated to an application and Delete a subscription associated to an application . The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business .
 This API provides a way to create and service your customers debit card needs with the operations that are available for debit cards . These services require that the card be linked before executing and allows third party applications to perform the following operations ; Retrieve all debit cards for a user , Get details of a debit card , Block or cancel a debit card when it has been lost , stolen or compromised and Link / Unlink a card to a user . The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business .
 The Compass Accounts API will allow your application to retrieve BBVA accounts for the logged user , get detailed information of a specific account and link or unlink accounts to your application . It provides a way to creating a neobank or an account affiliate , and to develop a financial app that accesses bank account transactions . This service will allow you to leverage the API and provides a way for your customers to create a new checking account and access key account data through your site or app . BBVA Compass APIs are implemented using ( HATEOAS ) Hypermedia as the Engine of Application State . HATEOAS enables interaction and construction of an API flow through provided hyperlinks . The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business .
 The Payments API provides a way to send money from an authorized user ’s BBVA account to any bank account , domestic or cross border . It allows third party applications to perform money transfers from a BBVA user ’s account that includes the following operations : Money Transfer , Transfer Simulation , Scheduled Transfer and more . The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business .
 This API allows third party applications to interact with the cards of a BBVA user and provides operations for Card list , Card detail and Card transactions . Gain access to the card information of your customers to trace all purchases your users make with their cards , using a few simple REST services . The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business .
 The BBVA Compass Payments Services provides the methods available for money movement between accounts and allows you to ; Initiate transfers between BBVA Compass accounts and third party accounts , Cancel and / or reverse a transfer , Check the status of an individual transfer and more . It allows you to send and receive money with secure transfer fund capabilities . BBVA Compass APIs are implemented using ( HATEOAS ) Hypermedia as the Engine of Application State . HATEOAS enables interaction and construction of an API flow through provided hyperlinks . The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business
 The Intrinio TipRanks News Sentiment API allows developers to get the latest news sentiment for a stock or to access historic data for back testing . This data feed combines the volume of discussion regarding a stock with the number of bullish or bearish articles regarding a stock to provide investors with useful insights . This API can return data in either JSON or CSV format .
 The Intrinio NASDAQ Global Press Releases API provides developers with access to all press releases published by Nasdaq GlobeNewsire and Marketwired . These include earnings releases , corporate events , lawsuits , and more . Developers can search for press releases or retrieve the full body of a release , plus metadata . Lists of press releases are updated every 15 minutes .
 The GDAX API provides access to a continuous first-come , first-serve order book . Orders are executed in price-time priority as received by the matching engine and includes ; Funding , Margin Transfer , Position , Deposits , Withdrawals and more . The Websocket feed allows you access to real-time market data and provides real-time market data updates for orders and trades . GDAX is a Global Digital Asset Exchange that offers the ability to trade digital currencies like Bitcoin , Ethereum , and more on a regulated U.S. based exchange .
 The Business Accounts API allows third party applications access to business authorized bank accounts and transactions . It provides a way to retrieve the balances and transactions of your business users in the market standard format , AEB43 , with automated and native access from your product . The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business .
 The BBVA Accounts API allows third party applications to interact with the accounts of a BBVA user . It provides a way to verify ownership , check balances and retrieve account transactions and includes ; account type , status , balance , transaction history and more . The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business .
 The data services specifications for the PayStats API provides statistical transactions data that has been retrieved through BBVA cards or in BBVA point of sale . BBVA PayStats offers anonymized and aggregated statistical data from millions of transactions performed with any cards in BBVA POS terminals . The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business .
 The Customers API provides third party applications with information belonging to the BBVA user associated to the OAuth token used to invoke the API and includes ; User ’s unique identifier , Name , Surnames , Gender and more . It allows you to retrieve current key user information that is accurate and updated without endless forms . The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business .
 The Intrinio Global Corporate Actions API allows developers to track over 45 types of corporate actions relating to more than 130,000 global securities . Such actions include announcements , annual shareholder meetings , stock splits , stock buy backs , dividend pay dates , bankruptcies , notes , and takeovers . Responses are provided in JSON or CSV format .
 The Intrinio Trade Alert Options Prices API allows developers to get both recent and historical time series data on end of day option prices for US stocks going back to 2008 . API responses are given in JSON or CSV and include close price , closing big , closing ask , implied volatility , open interest , and a count of trades for all securities .
 The Intrinio Global Public Company Security Master API allows developers to get unique identifiers for securities and companies so that they always know which entity they're dealing with . This is especially useful when working with multiple countries and exchanges where the same security may be identified by multiple symbols . This service also provides basic information about entities and their known aliases .
 The Intrinio US Institutional Holdings API provides programmatic access to both recent and historic time series data that details institutions' stock holdings . Available information includes the location of the stock-holding business , the number of held shares , the value of those shares , and additional information about the holdings . Responses can be given in JSON or CSV .
 The GuruFocus API returns stocks data in JSON formats . It is available in REST architecture with API personal token . With the API , developers can access company financial data , company key statistics data , stock quote data , stock historical price data , and guru financial aggregated data .
 This REST API provides standardized and as reported balance sheets , income statements , and statements of cashflow for all publicly traded stocks in the United States . It returns company list and information for all companies covered by Intrinio in Json format . This includes ; Companies , Securities , Indices , Securities Search / Screener , Data Point and more . The 10Q and 10K data is available in as-reported and standardized versions , enabling cross equity comparisons even when statement items are not tagged properly . Statements are available back to 2007 and are updated in near real time as they are filed with the SEC ( 10-30 mins ) . Historical stock prices ( high , low , open , close , volume , and adjusted prices ) as well as current intra-day prices are available along with company news . Intrinio is a Fintech Marketplace for financial data feeds and apps .
 This REST API provides aggregated financial benchmarks for 500 + United States Sectors and Industries grouped by SIC code . It allows you to view the average , 25th and 75th percentile and mode for data such as P / E , revenue , employee count , EBITDA and hundreds more for industries such as Oil & Gas , Pharmaceuticals , and Technology . This includes pull time series data to view historical financial metrics for any US industry as well as the most recent values to compare a single stock to it's industry peers or to gauge performance across industries . Intrinio is a Fintech Marketplace for financial data feeds and apps .
 Insiders at publicly traded companies , such as executives or others with unique knowledge , are required by the SEC to disclose certain purchases / sales of stock . This Rest API tracks those transactions , allowing developers to view the holdings of specific stockholders or the holdings of any insiders at a specific firm . It reports all insider transactions for owners and companies and provides transaction details for both non-derivative and derivative transactions for all owners . Ownership holdings are aggregated by both owners and by companies , with the value of the holdings as of the previous trading day . This data is valuable if you want to monitor the stock trades of individuals with inside information about a company , enabling developers to do so automatically as the filings are made with the SEC . Intrinio is a Fintech Marketplace for financial data feeds and apps .
 The Forex REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Forex API with other applications . Some example API methods include retrieving rates by currency , retrieving different currencies , and setting base currency . Forex API provides foreign exchange rate data for apps and services .
 The IMwallet Recharge API allows developers to integrate online mobile recharge services into their websites and applications . IMwallet connects to all major prepaid recharge facilities in India , including all mobile operators , DTH operators , and data card operators . They also provide domestic money transfers and bill payment services for postpaid , landline , gas , electric , water , and insurance bills . IMwallet is payment Processing wallet Company which provides Telecom Recharge and Bill Payment API . We Provide all Operator Mobile Recharge , DTH Recharge , Postpaid Recharge API and also have All State Electricity Bill API's .
 The RESTful API sends requests in HTTP format and returns responses in JSON format .
 The TransferWise Payouts API provides domestic and international business payouts in more than 40 currencies . There are no setup fees , and funds are converted at the mid-market exchange rate . This API is available to businesses registered in the United Kingdom , Isle of Man , Jersey , Guernsey , EEA countries ( EU , Iceland , Liechtestein , Norway ) , Switzerland , Pakistan , India , and the Philippines .
 The UK Government Gateway HMRC Individual Tax API retrieves an individual's tax information ( tax record ) for a given year . The primary intended use for this information is to pre-populate an individual's Self Assessment tax return . The API is available in JSON formats with Token as the authentication method . With the API , developers can integrate tax deductions from gross income , pensions , and benefits . A Sandbox base URL is available at : https://test-api.service.hmrc.gov.uk/
 The UK Government Gateway HMRC Marriage Allowance API allows the lower earner of a couple transfer some of their Personal Allowance to a husband , wife or civil partner . Developers can send HTTP requests to receive JSON responses in return . HMRC is responsible for the administration and collection of taxes in the UK .
 The FXCM FIX API provides a messaging standard for real-time global trading transactions . Developers can use the off-the-rack Trading Station or develop their own custom institutional interfaces . The API can deliver ups to 250 price updates per second and covers the full range of trading order types available from FXCM .
 Infotrie , through its FinSentS proprietary platform , provides algorithmic and analytical content tracking solutions including the iFeed API . Developers use the iFeed API to integrate sentiment tracking capabilities in applications . The API provides access to news sentiment data for a broad scope of content including more than 70,000 listed and unlisted stocks , forex markets , commodities trading , and trending topics and people , among others . It allows users to access selected data or daily time series for any index stretching 17 years . The API sends requests in JSON format and returns responses in JSON , CSV , XML , or FTP formats .
 The Mambu Currencies API retrieves currencies' data for the accounts of an organization . Developers can send HTTP requests to receive JSON responses under REST architecture , previously authenticating with via HTTP basic format . Use the API to access information of type of currency and exchange rate .
 The Mambu Users API retrieves individual and group users by their ID . REST architecture allows performing callbacks by sending HTTP requests and receiving JSON responses . Use the API combined with Custom Fields API to set preferred filters .
 The Mambu Database Backups API enables to download database backups . It is available in REST architecture with HTTP basic authentication . Developers can send perform callbacks to send HTTP requests and receive JSON responses .
 The Mambu Custom Views API retrieves custom views or entities by filter . With the REST interface , developers can authenticate via basic auth to send HTTP requests and receive JSON responses . They can use the API to filter custom views of clients , groups , loans , deposits , and transactions .
 The Mambu Images API integrates image retrieval into financial applications . It is available under REST architecture with HTTP requests and JSON responses . Developers can use basic authentication to access the interface via HTTPS . Use the API to obtain images of client's profiles .
 The Yodlee Risk Insight REST API allows developers to access and integrate the credit risk functionalities of Yodlee with other applications . The Yodlee Risk Insight API allows users to run risk insight reports for companies to make credit decisions . Yodlee Interactive is a cloud platform that provides digital financial services for businesses .
 The Yodlee Money Movement REST API allows developers to access and integrate the money movement functionalities with other applications . The Yodlee Money Movement API provides a platform for customers to access and transfer their money and pay bills online . Yodlee Interactive is a cloud platform that provides digital financial services for businesses .
 The Enter Financial REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionalities of Enter Financial with other applications . Some example API methods include managing users and user authentication , retrieving applications , and managing banking . Enter Financial provides checkout services for online and eCommerce merchants .
 The Yodlee eBills REST API allows developers to access and integrate the eBills functionality with other applications . The Yodlee eBills API opens up online bill paying capabilities to offer customers the opportunity to pay bills online with electronic or paper check payments . Yodlee Interactive is a cloud platform that provides digital financial services for businesses .
 The Yodlee Open Banking API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Yodlee Open Banking with other applications . The Yodlee Open Banking API connects financial systems and user-permitted financial data from banking institutions . Public documentation is not available , API access comes with account service . Yodlee Interactive is a cloud platform that provides digital financial services for businesses .
 The OpenFin REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of OpenFin with other applications . Some example API methods include managing users , retrieving reports , running queries , and managing operating functions . OpenFin provides a common operating layer for financial desktop applications .
 The Standard Chartered API provides access to corporate banking services such as payments , balances and reference data . It returns the various types of “ Account Balances ” applicable for the specified Account Number , Account Detail and Balance as well as finds all support transaction types for a given account . This includes ; Accounts , Bank Code Inquiry , Holiday Calendar Inquiry and more . Standard Chartered is an international banking group , committed to building a sustainable business that provides a wide-range of products and services for personal and business customers across 71 countries .
 The ProPublica Nonprofit Explorer API provides an application programming interface to the search engine and database that powers Nonprofit Explorer .
 When available , the API returns data from nonprofit tax returns processed by the IRS during the 2012-2015 calendar years . This information -- available for more than 750,000 organizations -- generally consists of filings for the 2011-2014 fiscal years , but may include older records . The IRS data release includes only a subset of what can be found in the full Form 990s .
 IBAN.com operates as a web-based solution that supports the validation and calculation of International Bank Account Numbers ( IBANs ) . The platform provides the IBAN Calculation engine that facilitates the conversion of domestic bank code and account number combinations into authenticated IBANs . The IBAN Calculation API allows developers to integrate the IBAN conversion engine in their applications and operating systems . It also makes it easier for users to identify banks and other financial institutions . This API returns responses in JSON and XML formats .
 IBAN.com operates as a web-based solution that supports the validation and calculation of International Bank Account Numbers ( IBAN ) . The platform provides access to the Reverse SORT code – that is , a web-based real-time interface for identifying and validating SORT codes . The IBAN Sort Code Validation API simplifies the deployment of the SORT code verification functionality through add-on modules . Simple calls are sufficient for developers to access and integrate the SORT code functionality in the applications . This API returns responses in JSON and XML formats .
 IBAN.com operates as a web-based solution that supports the validation and calculation of International Bank Account Numbers ( IBAN ) . This platform uses algorithmic formulas to determine the validity of IBANs . The IBAN Recovery API provides a mechanism for randomly retrieving characters from an IBAN . This functionality allows users to randomly identify illegible parts of an IBAN . The RESTful API sends HTTP formatted requests and returns XSD-formatted responses .
 The nip24.pl API ( NIP , REGON , KRS ) offers corporate information of businesses in Poland . This data is provided by the Central Statistical Office database ( GUS-REGON ) . Available information includes company status , invoice formatted data , company details , and contact details . This information is available in XML format . API Keys are required for authentication .
 The Eurobits Content Aggregation Service API simplifies the development of secure online search applications for retrieving financial accounts and other non-financial records of individuals and businesses . It provides scalable aggregation capabilities that can be applied in the retrieval of profiles , transactions , and account credentials of personal and corporate banking , virtual offices for utility companies , and loyalty programs.The API is functionally designed to support receipt , processing and monitoring of customers ’ incoming aggregation requests as well as facilitate the management of data streams and tracking of activity logs .
 BILLSHARK provides intermediary bill negotiation services to customers seeking to bargain for lower subscription fees from service providers . The company negotiates lower bills on on behalf of subscribers of services such as cable TV and internet , home security , internet connectivity , satellite TV and radio , and wireless communications . TheBILLSHARK Shark Connect API allows developers to integrate the BILLSHARK operational interface in web applications.It is functionally designed to support the enrollment of customers to the BILLSHARK service platform along with the submission of customer bills and facilitation of access to status reports of bill negotiations . The RESTful API sends requests and returns responses in JSON format . Its provider applies fees , usually 40 percent of a customer ’s savings , to only successfully negotiated bills .
 BitcoinToBankAccount.com facilitates the telegraphic transfer of Bitcoin-denominated currency to bank accounts within 24 hours . TheBitcoin to Bank Account API allows developers tointegrate app-or web-basedwallets for receiving , verifying , converting , and transferring Bitcoin payments to bank accounts . The appearance of a sender ’s paymenttransaction has to be initiated through poll on transfer calls – at a recommended rate of one second for a duration not exceeding 10 minutes – due to the asynchronous nature of payments . The API conveys SOAP and XML formatted requests and responses .
 IBAN.com operates as a web-based portal for real-time identification , validation , and calculation of International Bank Account Numbers ( IBAN ) . This platform uses algorithmic formulas to determine the validity of an IBAN . The IBAN Validation API allows user to query the existence and validity of IBANs using check digits . It provides access to many other features including the validation of domestic bank code , IBAN issuer , and country-specific IBAN length , code , and structure as well as the issuing bank ’s address . Developers can use simple HTTP GET or POST requests to initiate the automation of IBAN validation processes . The API supports JSON and XML-formatted requests and responses .
 The OANDA v20 REST API provides programmatic access to OANDA ’s next generation v20 trading engine . To use this API you must have a v20 trading account , which is available to all divisions except Japan . The API allows you to develop trading strategies and automate your trading experience . OANDA is a forex broker enabling you to trade over 90 currency pairs , metals , and CFDs while providing FX & CFD trading , exchange rates data and corporate FX payments .
 The MasterCard Personalized Offers API supports the customization of offers and experiences for cardholders on the basis of analytical profiles of historical payment card transactions . It allows developers to integrate customer loyalty application features that allow cardholders to track savings in addition to redeeming and providing ratings for offers . This way , a card issuer can use the offers populated in MasterCard ’s loyalty database to generate and channel matching offers to cardholders . Cardholders can access and redeem the offers through the online banking platform of the issuing bank .
 The MasterCard Digital Enablement Service ( MDES ) is a data interchange platform for generating and managing secure digital payment tokens . The MasterCard MDES Pre-Digitization API supports the transmission of MDES-supported web requests and responses between card issuers and cardholders . Its integration allows MDES Issuers to return JSON-formatted responses to requests submitted by , or on half of , cardholders .
 This API Provides a list of OCBC credit card promotions and is called using the HTTP GET method with a chain of optional query parameters . The response is returned in paginated JSON format . Some features include ; Stay Updated with Promotions , Access to Promotion Details and Refine Your Search Criteria . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 This API connects card issuers , merchants , and service providers to mobile and digital payments using next generation token technology to enhance checkout experiences . The scope of the initial version of this service includes only US merchants and cards issued by American Express in the US . It provides a suite of APIs which enable the tokenization of a card number . The suite is made up of the following types of capabilities : Provisioning , Notifications and Status . This includes ; request token , card metadata updates , token update , and check token status . American Express is a global service company , providing customers with access to products , insights and experiences that build business .
 This API provides the functionality to retrieve , update , or delete information related to a Visa Microtransactions user wish list . This includes ; Add to Wish List , Get Wish List , Remove Item from Wish List and Clear Wish List . MTX provides a service that lets developers create payment solutions using points , promotional rewards , or virtual currency and coupons . MTX provides access to in-app Microtransaction's on top of a highly-scalable hosted environment for application developers to offload the heavy transaction burden .
 This API provides an OFAC score value used for evaluation on how closely an individual's name , city , and country input fields match against entries on the OFAC SDN lists . The Watch List Screening API also provides an OFAC status value which represents how VisaNet would process the individual's information if used in a cross-border OCT transaction . Visa Direct allows you to push payments to eligible Visa accounts , fund transfers from a variety of sources and the ability to use APIs inside ATM ’s , mobile , web , and in-branch applications . It is a payment service that lets people “ push ” money to over 1 billion Visa accounts through the Original Credit Transaction ( OCT ) . Visa Direct consumer and business applications include : Money Transfer , Prepaid Load , Credit Card Bill Pay and Funds Disbursements .
 This API provides functionality to retrieve and update information related to Customers . This includes ; Customer Details , Update Customer , Customer Inquiry and more . The Visa Alerts APIs enable Visa clients , such as issuers , to manage cardholders ’ alerts preferences , enrollment , and to search and display alerts notifications such as Threshold , Card Not Present , ATM Withdrawal , International , Decline , Cash Back and Balance .
 This API provides functionality to retrieve and create Notifications . This includes ; Notification Inquiry , Notification Details and Notification Subscription . The Visa Alerts APIs enable Visa clients , such as issuers , to manage cardholders ’ alerts preferences , enrollment , and to search and display alerts notifications such as Threshold , Card Not Present , ATM Withdrawal , International , Decline , Cash Back and Balance .
 This API identifies if the submitted transaction should be approved or declined based on customer preferences . This includes ; Retrieve List of Recent Decision Records , Retrieve List of Decision Records by Card , Complete a Decision Record and more . Some key features include ; gives cardholders the control and visibility they desire , build engagement and preference in the digital age , differentiate your cards with mobile innovation . Visa Consumer Transaction Controls allows you to offer cardholders the ability , via the issuer ’s mobile banking application or online website , to set restrictions and alerts on how their cards are used .
 This API specifies the callback endpoints that the Issuer / Host and App Host needs to provide to the Visa Consumer Transaction Controls service . Services are Disable Enrollment , Enable Enrollment , Re-enable Enrollment and Delete Enrollment . It notifies the client that a cardholder has removed all their rules settings . Some key features include ; gives cardholders the control and visibility they desire , build engagement and preference in the digital age , differentiate your cards with mobile innovation . Visa Consumer Transaction Controls allows you to offer cardholders the ability , via the issuer ’s mobile banking application or online website , to set restrictions and alerts on how their cards are used .
 This is a REST API interface , designed for access to currently valid and historical exchange rates from 2 years backward . Code examples available for cURL , Java , JavaScript , NodeJS , Perl , Python , Ruby , Go , C# , VB , Groovy , Objective-C and Swift . The service provides access to user and accounting data of Erste Bank customers . CSAS is Česká spořitelna ( Czech Savings Bank ) , the largest Czech bank by number of clients .
 This is a REST API interface designed for access to information about ČS , a.s. transparent accounts and transactions . This service provides access to user and accounting data of Erste Bank customers . Code examples available for cURL , Java , JavaScript , NodeJS , Perl , Python , Ruby , Go , C# , VB , Groovy , Objective-C and Swift . CSAS is Česká spořitelna , a Czech Savings Bank .
 The SlimPay REST API can process payments over HTTP , returning responses in JSON and HAL formats . Features include Mandate Signature , Direct Debit , and Card Payment . SlimPay provides payments for subscriptions using a recurring payment solution .
 This API enables you to serve personalized welcome offers for Cards , without impacting their credit score . It provides the necessary components needed to construct an offer banner ( s ) for prospective customers of American Express . This includes Default Offers API , Targeted Offers API and Offers Acknowledgement API . American Express is a global service company , providing customers with access to products , insights and experiences that build business .
 This API is a global e-commerce solution with data protection and fraud management tools and includes the Web Services API , Batch API and the Hosted Checkout API . It provides the ability to electronically route payment transactions to major processors in the USA , United Kingdom , Australia and Mexico and deliver a consolidated reporting of global processing volumes for all major brands . It provides a way for merchants to securely accept and route most major payment type transactions from their website or virtual terminal , to more than 30 acquiring banks around the world . Some features are 24/7/365 servicing that works with more than 120 currencies and is available using REST , NVP or JS protocols . Accertify supported network includes American Express , Visa , MasterCard , Discover , PayPal , JCB , and Diners .
 This API is a predictable and intuitive interface for interacting with Monzo user accounts and offers both a REST and webhooks service . This includes Accounts , Balance , Transactions , and more . Monzo provides a smart technology banking experience with instant payment notifications , built-in budgeting and fee-free travel .
 The NAB FX Rates API provides a list of all known buy and sell rates on the Foreign Exchange . This is an official API provided by National Australia Bank Limited
 Our API gives developers the ability to access users transactional data from all the UK's banks , building societies and credit cards .
 This API allows you to integrate the QuadrigaCX trading platform with third party applications , such as trading applications , charting programs , point of sale systems and more . Users are able to place buy and sell orders in the QuadrigaCX marketplace , where they sell to others users who are also looking to buy or sell . It has public and private methods that returns Current Trading Information , Order Book , Account Balance , Open Orders and more . QuadrigaCX is a digital marketplace , which allows users to buy and sell Bitcoins on the open market .
 This Websocket API allows access to all of the features of the Bitfinex platform . Each message sent and received via the Bitfinex ’s websocket channel is encoded in JSON format and returns order books , trades , ticker snapshots , updates and more . Bitfinex is a bitcoin exchange that offers platforms for trading and for providing and receiving financing .
 This REST API returns data about a specific security identified by CUSIP and issue date , auctioned securities , announced securities and more . These services are used as a standard means for requesting TreasuryDirect.gov data . TreasuryDirect is a financial services website that lets you buy and redeem securities directly from the U.S. Department of the Treasury in paperless electronic form .
 This REST API returns the most recent TreasuryDirect debt data , debt data for a particular date , debt data based on the parameters passed and more . These services are used as a standard means for requesting TreasuryDirect.gov data . TreasuryDirect is a financial services website that lets you buy and redeem securities directly from the U.S. Department of the Treasury in paperless electronic form .
 This API provides methods for retrieving data from financial institutions on behalf of consumers , advisors , and other users . It is built on RESTful principles with resource-oriented URL endpoints . Quovo supplies aggregation and insights to empower advisors and their clients . It is an enterprise-grade data science platform offering applications and services for financial advisors , institutions , and fintech companies to aggregate and analyze financial account data . Quovo provides account aggregation and data analytics technology for finance .
 The Ingo Money Push Pay API integrates payments into applications , providing pre-printed payroll , government checks , and mobile check deposits . For additional information about authentication , requests , and responses , ask for help@ingomoney.com
 The Continuum Connect API offers developers low-latency access to real-time streaming quotes and historical data , as well as a stock trading gateway . Continuum Connect's gateway has access to over seventy-five sources for market data and more than forty exchanges for order routing . This API is provided via an ASP model .
 The Amdoren Currency API provides programmatic access to up-to-date currency exchange rates and currency conversions for more than 150 currencies . This API may be used in both personal and commercial websites and applications . This API is provided free of charge .
 The Funkbit Splitabill API allows users to monitor and share bill expenses . Developers can use any of the programming languages , such as Java , Python , JavaScrip , and Ruby , to integrate the RESTful API into payment applications . This API sends requests in HTTP format and returns responses in JSON format . The current version of the API is a beta release .
 This is a REST API interface designed for access to basic mortgage calculations . It is a service that provides access to user and accounting data of Erste Bank customers . Code examples available for cURL , Java , JavaScript , NodeJS , Perl , Python , Ruby , Go , C# , VB , Groovy , Objective-C and Swift . CSAS is Česká spořitelna , a Czech Savings Bank .
 This API provides functionality to retrieve information related to Communities . The Visa Alerts APIs enable Visa clients , such as issuers , to manage cardholders ’ alerts preferences , enrollment , and to search and display alerts notifications such as Threshold , Card Not Present , ATM Withdrawal , International , Decline , Cash Back and Balance .
 This API allows issuers to send location updates to Visa and receive the current Home Area Geo-Location and Location Pulse Interval for a given device . Some features are ; Location Updates , Authorization Decision , Cardholder Enrollment , Mobile Location Agent and more . It allows you to enroll and deenroll your Visa cardholder's account number and mobile device for Mobile Location Confirmation which is a downloadable source code that enables your mobile app to capture and report mobile phone geolocation to Visa . Mobile Location Confirmation is a service that provides information about whether or not an enrolled cardholder ’s mobile phone is located near the merchant requesting authorization for a purchase . Visa sends this information to you as part of the real-time authorization request .
 This API allows issuers to enroll or unenroll their Visa cardholders device and account number for Mobile Location Confirmation . Mobile Location Confirmation is a service that provides information about whether or not an enrolled cardholder ’s mobile phone is located near the merchant requesting authorization for a purchase . Visa sends this information to you as part of the real-time authorization request .
 This API provides reporting capabilities such as transaction reconciliation data . The data needed for reconciliation includes both push ( OCT ) and pull ( AFT ) transaction details and any exceptions such as chargebacks & reversals . This data allows you to reconcile the transactions sent by your systems with what was processed through VisaNet . It uses the push payment capability that enables clients and consumers , a way to send money to over one billion eligible Visa accounts . This can be funded from ; merchants , government entities and corporations . Visa Direct allows you to push payments to disburse such things as tax refunds , insurance claims , rebates , affiliate and more .
 This API Checks the status of your cheque . It is called using the HTTP GET method with a chain of query parameters . The response is returned as a JSON data object . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop convenient and effective technologies that improve the user experience .
 This API provides a list of rewards that you can redeem from any OCBC credit card . It is called using the HTTP GET method with a chain of optional query parameters . The response is returned in paginated JSON format . Some features include ; Stay Updated with Rewards , Access to Reward Details and Refine Your Search Criteria . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 This API Provides the interest earned with OCBC 360 account based on your user's lifestyle . It is called using the HTTP GET method with a chain of query parameters . The response is returned as a JSON data object . Some features include ; Breakdown of Bonus Interest and Accumulated Interest . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 This API calculates the monthly payments of your OCBC renovation loan . It is called using the HTTP GET method with a chain of query parameters . The response is returned as a JSON data object . Some features include compute monthly payments and view breakdown of installments . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 This API calculates the rebates rewarded by the OCBC 365 Credit Card based on user ’s spending habits by entering amount spent in different categories . It is called using the HTTP GET method with a chain of query parameters . The response is returned as a JSON data object . Some features include breakdown of rebates and accumulated expenditure and rebates . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 This API calculates how much you need to secure your retirement . It is called using the HTTP GET method with a chain of query parameters . The response is returned as a JSON data object . Some features include compute monthly investment and account for your CPF . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 This API calculates the estimated loan amount & monthly payments needed for your home . It is called using the HTTP GET method with a chain of query parameters . The response is returned as a JSON data object . Some features include compute your monthly installments and add a second borrower . The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( " OCBC " ) , addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience .
 The Sage Direct API brings Sage Payments to a whole new level with its full suite of products and services . Using this API , developers can integrate healthcare , retail , e-commerce , and more with the Sage Direct features . Sage Payment Solutions is a full service payment provider , offered through Sage , providing services for businesses and human resource professionals .
 This API specifies the callback endpoint that the App Host needs to provide to the Visa Consumer Transaction Controls service which includes Notification Enrollment . It notifies the client that an alert message has been generated that should be delivered to the cardholder . Some key features include ; gives cardholders the control and visibility they desire , build engagement and preference in the digital age , differentiate your cards with mobile innovation . Visa Consumer Transaction Controls allows you to offer cardholders the ability , via the issuer ’s mobile banking application or online website , to set restrictions and alerts on how their cards are used .
 This API enables subscribers to administer their Card Programs and includes a list of supported Transaction Acquiring Types that can be controlled by Consumer Payment Controls . Services are ; Remove Transaction Type Controls , Update Existing Rule Categories , Add New Transaction Type Controls and more . Some key features include ; gives cardholders the control and visibility they desire , build engagement and preference in the digital age , differentiate your cards with mobile innovation . Visa Consumer Transaction Controls allows you to offer cardholders the ability , via the issuer ’s mobile banking application or online website , to set restrictions and alerts on how their cards are used .
 This API provides the functionality for users to purchase one or more items during checkout . It allows users to add , remove , and update items from their purchase order . This includes ; Get Cart Contents , Add Items to Cart , Remove Items from Cart and more . MTX provides a service that lets developers create payment solutions using points , promotional rewards , or virtual currency and coupons . MTX provides access to in-app Microtransaction's on top of a highly-scalable hosted environment for application developers to offload the heavy transaction burden .
 This API provides the functionality to grant and deduct points as well as check point balance . This includes ; Get Balance , All Currencies , Grant Points Free , Get Point Details and more . MTX provides a service that lets developers create payment solutions using points , promotional rewards , or virtual currency and coupons . MTX provides access to in-app Microtransaction's on top of a highly-scalable hosted environment for application developers to offload the heavy transaction burden .
 This API provides the functionality to create , update , and deactivate sales campaigns with Visa Microtransactions . Services include ; Create / Update Sales Policy , Deactivate Sales Policy and Get Sales Policy . MTX provides a service that lets developers create payment solutions using points , promotional rewards , or virtual currency and coupons . MTX provides access to in-app microtransactions on top of a highly-scalable hosted environment for application developers to offload the heavy transaction burden .
 This API provides the functionality to retrieve user purchased-products inventory , redeem items in the inventory , and return items to the inventory including ; Get User Inventory and Redeem Inventory . MTX provides a service that lets developers create payment solutions using points , promotional rewards , or virtual currency and coupons . MTX provides access to in-app microtransactions on top of a highly-scalable hosted environment for application developers to offload the heavy transaction burden .
 This API allows you to create , view , update , activate , and deactivate coupons which are used to grant points , grant product entitlements , give price discounts , and offer buy-one-get-one deals , on Visa MTX . This includes ; Get Coupon , Create Coupon , Update Coupon , Activate Coupon and more . MTX provides a service that lets developers create payment solutions using points , promotional rewards , or virtual currency and coupons . MTX provides access to in-app microtransactions on top of a highly-scalable hosted environment for application developers to offload the heavy transaction burden .
 This API allows you to ; purchase products on the MTX platform , supports purchasing products managed by an external catalog system and purchasing products managed by the MTX platform with one-click checkout or shopping cart checkout . This includes ; Offerless Checkout , One Click Direct Checkout and Cart Checkout . MTX provides a service that lets developers create payment solutions using points , promotional rewards , or virtual currency and coupons . MTX provides access to in-app microtransactions on top of a highly-scalable hosted environment for application developers to offload the heavy transaction burden .
 This API provides the functionality to create and organize products for purchase and allows creating one or more categories . A category can be used to group similar product offers and includes ; Category Import , Get Property , Get Offer and more . MTX provides a service that lets developers create payment solutions using points , promotional rewards , or virtual currency and coupons . MTX provides access to in-app microtransactions on top of a highly-scalable hosted environment for application developers to offload the heavy transaction burden .
 This API is used with a funds transfer to / from a Visa payment account to determine key characteristics of a recipient card before initiating the transfer like country , card-type , block status and more . It has been enhanced to query PullFundsTransactions ( AFT ) and PushFundsTransactions ( OCT ) eligibility ( both domestic and cross-border ) for multiple U.S. debit networks . This includes Attributes Inquiry and Funds Transfer Attributes Inquiry . The two APIs take the primary account number as an input and return a variety of attributes associated with the payment account . This allows you to access both general attributes of the account and specific attributes that are needed to use a payment account as part of a funds transfer .
 This API provides easy access to the Visa daily currency conversion rate for a given currency pair which is dependent on the currency pair as well as the amount , and may be different from the actual rate for settlement of transaction . It accepts a source and destination currency pair and returns the current day ’s Visa exchange rate for the pair . Foreign Exchange Rates provides access to the Visa daily currency conversion rate providing a user experience for cross-border and / or multi currency transactions .
 This API allows partners to onboard merchants to the Visa Offers Platform community and participate in the Visa Offers Platform program . It returns Onboard Merchants , Create Offers and Save Statement Credit . This enables partners to create new offers and provide benefits to cardholders when a qualifying event occurs .
 This API enables cardholders to search for Visa / Plus ATM locations around the world , via the Web or from their internet-enabled mobile devices . The Locator service returns a list of nearby ATMs that is searchable by adding filters , such as hours of operation , chip-capable ATMs , or wheelchair accessibility . It provides a way to find up to 100 ATM locations , in over 200 countries that match a set of filter criteria . The Locate ATMs API can also find routing information for a given start and destination point by submitting street address , city , postal / zip code , point of interest , or geolocation codes and provides both walking and driving directions .
 The MX Atrium API allows developers to connect and aggregate bank data , providing secure access to users' accounts and transactions . MX Atrium provides access to over 30,000 FI connections and includes security measures such as multi-factor authentication to keep users' financial information safe . MX is compliant with SOC2 Type II and PCI DSS .
 This API allows partners to enroll participants / Visa card and receive information from their qualified transaction activity . It also allows cardholders to activate a specific offer while they perform certain qualifying transactions . It is used to enroll cardholder information in the VOP system , so that they can receive cardholder benefits like discounts and promotions .
 This API allows applications to run validations of the payment account before processing a transaction ensuring greater probability of success and allowing for a seamless transaction flow . The API provides three methods of account validation : Account Verification ( $ 0 authorization ) , Address Verification , and Card Verification Value ( CVV2 ) Validation . Some key features of the Visa Payment Account Validation include ; validate a payment account before processing a transaction , identify stolen , expired , or frozen payment accounts and increase probability of a successful transaction .
 This API is part of the the TipsGo platform , which consists of : A comprehensive set of Tips that are relevant to the user's personal circumstancesA comprehensive database of products that can be used to allow product information and product comparisonA set of financial calculators that can be used to calculate the savings , revenues , benefits etc. based on the user ’s personal circumstances and their geographic locationA comprehensive set of APIs ( known as the TipsGo APIs ) that can be used to access the features and capabilities of the platform from Mobile or Web applicationsAn extensive database that can capture information about the users , their families and connections from a financial perspectiveTipsGo is a recommendation based Money Management Platform . The TipsGo Platform provides Money Management " Tips " ( recommendations ) to its users . These tips help users make the most of their money by helping them save , grow / invest and protect their money .
 This API is part of the the TipsGo platform , which consists of : A comprehensive set of Tips that are relevant to the user's personal circumstancesA comprehensive database of products that can be used to allow product information and product comparisonA set of financial calculators that can be used to calculate the savings , revenues , benefits etc. based on the user ’s personal circumstances and their geographic locationA comprehensive set of APIs ( known as the TipsGo APIs ) that can be used to access the features and capabilities of the platform from Mobile or Web applicationsAn extensive database that can capture information about the users , their families and connections from a financial perspectiveTipsGo is a recommendation based Money Management Platform . The TipsGo Platform provides Money Management " Tips " ( recommendations ) to its users . These tips help users make the most of their money by helping them save , grow / invest and protect their money .
 The TipsGO Country API is a global or multi country API , specific to the country or geographic location . A good example of this type of API is financial market information APIs tax information . In order to support the multi-country features , Smart Wealth Tips ( SWT ) has a created the Country API to provide access to Country information .
 This API is part of the the TipsGo platform , which consists of : A comprehensive set of Tips that are relevant to the user's personal circumstancesA comprehensive database of products that can be used to allow product information and product comparisonA set of financial calculators that can be used to calculate the savings , revenues , benefits etc. based on the user ’s personal circumstances and their geographic locationA comprehensive set of APIs ( known as the TipsGo APIs ) that can be used to access the features and capabilities of the platform from Mobile or Web applicationsAn extensive database that can capture information about the users , their families and connections from a financial perspectiveTipsGo is a recommendation based Money Management Platform . The TipsGo Platform provides Money Management " Tips " ( recommendations ) to its users . These tips help users make the most of their money by helping them save , grow / invest and protect their money .
 This API enables consumers to establish payment rules that will define the type of transactions they want prohibited . It also sends alerts to the issuer if the customer wishes to be notified of any prohibited transactions . Some key features include ; gives cardholders the control and visibility they desire , build engagement and preference in the digital age , differentiate your cards with mobile innovation . Visa Consumer Transaction Controls allows you to offer cardholders the ability , via the issuer ’s mobile banking application or online website , to set restrictions and alerts on how their cards are used .
 The TipsGO Currency API provides a convenient way to access information about the world's currencies . It includes currency symbols and display formats . This API is part of the TipsGo platform , which consists of :
 TipsGo is a recommendation based Money Management Platform . The TipsGo Platform provides Money Management " Tips " ( recommendations ) to its users . These tips help users make the most of their money by helping them save , grow / invest and protect their money .
 This API provides developers a way to retrieve offer information from VMORC and allows you to retrieve all your available offers or retrieve specific offers . You may choose to filter your accessible offers by certain offer attributes or you may request offers by its identifiers . This allows issuers to retrieve the offer data available to them or filtered by offer attributes .
 This API provides developers the set of available reference data from VMORC , these values are mainly used in offer filtering criteria and values . Use the " key " information of each reference data option to conduct filtered offer requests and retrieve merchant address information for the requested merchants . The service will only return merchant address information associated to your accessible merchants and allows you to retrieve reference information .
 This API allows you to search for merchant identification data using the acquirer provide name and card acceptor identifiers . Some key features include ; search millions of merchants , receive enriched merchant profiles on demand and use key merchant identification information . Visa Merchant Search allows clients to search for merchant identification data to support their products and services .
 This API allows you to find Visa accepting merchants by geolocation and provides a way to search for Merchant Store Locations using the Merchant Name , Category , and geolocation filters such as Address or Postal Code . Some key features include ; search millions of merchants across multiple merchant categories and find merchants around you , using your location . The Visa Merchant Locator service helps you easily locate merchants by specified category and location .
 The CyberSource Payment REST API provides functionality for payment processing for authorization capture and settlement of card transactions worldwide . It allows you to process credit , debit and gift cards across multiple channels securely . This includes the The Flex API , which provides a secure method for tokenizing card data and reduces your PCI DSS burden . Card data is encrypted on the customer ’s device and sent directly to CyberSource , bypassing your systems altogether . VISA CyberSource supports an extensive list of payment cards and offers a wide choice of gateways and acquiring banks , all through one connection .
 This API can pull funds from the sender's Visa account in an Account Funding Transaction ( AFT ) . It also provides functionality to push funds to the recipient's Visa account in an Original Credit Transaction ( OCT ) . If a transaction is declined , the Funds Transfer API can also return the funds to the sender's funding source in an Account Funding Transaction Reversal ( AFTR ) . Visa Direct allows you to push payments to eligible Visa accounts , fund transfers from a variety of sources and the ability to use APIs inside ATM ’s , mobile , web , and in-branch applications . It is a payment service that lets people " push " money to over 1 billion Visa accounts through the Original Credit Transaction ( OCT ) . Visa Direct consumer and business applications include : Money Transfer , Prepaid Load , Credit Card Bill Pay and Funds Disbursements .
 This API is part of the the TipsGo platform , which consists of : A comprehensive set of Tips that are relevant to the user's personal circumstancesA comprehensive database of products that can be used to allow product information and product comparisonA set of financial calculators that can be used to calculate the savings , revenues , benefits etc. based on the user ’s personal circumstances and their geographic locationA comprehensive set of APIs ( known as the TipsGo APIs ) that can be used to access the features and capabilities of the platform from Mobile or Web applicationsAn extensive database that can capture information about the users , their families and connections from a financial perspectiveTipsGo is a recommendation based Money Management Platform . The TipsGo Platform provides Money Management " Tips " ( recommendations ) to its users . These tips help users make the most of their money by helping them save , grow / invest and protect their money .
 The Smart Wealth Tips ( SWT ) Platform provides a comprehensive product catalog that helps identify products that are suitable for a person based on their personal circumstances .
 This API is part of the the TipsGo platform , which consists of : A comprehensive set of Tips that are relevant to the user's personal circumstancesA comprehensive database of products that can be used to allow product information and product comparisonA set of financial calculators that can be used to calculate the savings , revenues , benefits etc. based on the user ’s personal circumstances and their geographic locationA comprehensive set of APIs ( known as the TipsGo APIs ) that can be used to access the features and capabilities of the platform from Mobile or Web applicationsAn extensive database that can capture information about the users , their families and connections from a financial perspectiveTipsGo is a recommendation based Money Management Platform . The TipsGo Platform provides Money Management " Tips " ( recommendations ) to its users . These tips help users make the most of their money by helping them save , grow / invest and protect their money .
 In the Smart Wealth Tips ( SWT ) Platform , the term " Tip " is used to refer to a financial ( or money related ) recommendation that is provided to a Member ( user ) of the platform . These Tips help the Member to better manage their money . Tips can relate to saving money , growing money through investing , or protecting money through insurance .
 This API is part of the the TipsGo platform , which consists of : A comprehensive set of Tips that are relevant to the user's personal circumstancesA comprehensive database of products that can be used to allow product information and product comparisonA set of financial calculators that can be used to calculate the savings , revenues , benefits etc. based on the user ’s personal circumstances and their geographic locationA comprehensive set of APIs ( known as the TipsGo APIs ) that can be used to access the features and capabilities of the platform from Mobile or Web applicationsAn extensive database that can capture information about the users , their families and connections from a financial perspectiveTipsGo is a recommendation based Money Management Platform . The TipsGo Platform provides Money Management " Tips " ( recommendations ) to its users . These Tips help users make the most of their money by helping them save , grow / invest and protect their money .
 This API enables BBVA Clients to give an application consent to access BBVA Compass services on their behalf . In this API you will find detailed information about the services available to obtain tokens needed to call any service defined . The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business .
 This API provides functionality to replace a card on file in the specified community when the card is lost stolen or expired and notifies enrolled cardholders of transaction activity observed by Visa ’s core processing systems . Visa Transaction Alerts gives cardholders a near real-time view of the transactions conducted on their enrolled Visa cards . The Visa Alerts APIs enable Visa clients , such as issuers , to manage cardholders ’ alerts preferences , enrollment , and to search and display alerts notifications such as Threshold , Card Not Present , ATM Withdrawal , International , Decline , Cash Back and Balance .
 This API is part of the the TipsGo platform , which consists of : A comprehensive set of Tips that are relevant to the user's personal circumstancesA comprehensive database of products that can be used to allow product information and product comparisonA set of financial calculators that can be used to calculate the savings , revenues , benefits etc. based on the user ’s personal circumstances and their geographic locationA comprehensive set of APIs ( known as the TipsGo APIs ) that can be used to access the features and capabilities of the platform from Mobile or Web applicationsAn extensive database that can capture information about the users , their families and connections from a financial perspectiveTipsGo is a recommendation based Money Management Platform . The TipsGo Platform provides Money Management " Tips " ( recommendations ) to its users . These tips help users make the most of their money by helping them save , grow / invest and protect their money .
 The Tips Go InvestmentCalculator API can be used to easily build investment and savings calculators and to create graphs showing investment returns over time . This API is specifically designed to get a response to the user with a minimum number of inputs . The API is platform neutral and can be used with any mobile or web application framework .
 This API is part of the the TipsGo platform , which consists of : A comprehensive set of Tips that are relevant to the user's personal circumstancesA comprehensive database of products that can be used to allow product information and product comparisonA set of financial calculators that can be used to calculate the savings , revenues , benefits etc. based on the user ’s personal circumstances and their geographic locationA comprehensive set of APIs ( known as the TipsGo APIs ) that can be used to access the features and capabilities of the platform from Mobile or Web applicationsAn extensive database that can capture information about the users , their families and connections from a financial perspectiveTipsGo is a recommendation based Money Management Platform . The TipsGo Platform provides Money Management " Tips " ( recommendations ) to its users . These tips help users make the most of their money by helping them save , grow / invest and protect their money .
 This API is part of the the TipsGo platform , which consists of : A comprehensive set of Tips that are relevant to the user's personal circumstancesA comprehensive database of products that can be used to allow product information and product comparisonA set of financial calculators that can be used to calculate the savings , revenues , benefits etc. based on the user ’s personal circumstances and their geographic locationA comprehensive set of APIs ( known as the TipsGo APIs ) that can be used to access the features and capabilities of the platform from Mobile or Web applicationsAn extensive database that can capture information about the users , their families and connections from a financial perspectiveTipsGo is a recommendation based Money Management Platform . The TipsGo Platform provides Money Management " Tips " ( recommendations ) to its users . These tips help users make the most of their money by helping them save , grow / invest and protect their money .
 The Unbill API allows developers to receive user-authorized bill data , such as the latest balance and due date information . The API also lets developers make payments on behalf of the user via credit , debit , or ACH . Autopay is provided as well . Unbill supports over 4,000 billers for recurring expenses such as rent , electricity , phone services , loans , and TV .
 The Fitch Finance API simplifies access to archived securities data of the U.S. equities market . The digitized data that dates back to 1968 is stored in OHLCV format and summarizes the historical details of market performance of more than 20,000 stocks . The RESTful API is functionally designed to support cross-origin-resource sharing and use HTTP response codes to signal errors . It also sends requests in HTTP format and returns responses in JSON format . The Fitch Finance API is a full release that is well documented and appropriately backed by Java , C , ruby , and python languages .
 The IFSC Bank Codes REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and of IFSC Banks with other applications and websites . Some example API methods include retrieving banks by IFSC code , retrieving banks by MICR code , and searching for codes . IFSC Bank provides data , codes , and information about banks in India .
 The Cloud Elements Finance Hub API provides integrated access to leading cloud-based finance and accounting services , including FreshBooks , Microsoft Dynamics AX , Microsoft Dynamics Great Plains , NetSuite , QuickBooks , Sage One , Sage 200 , Sage Live , and Taxify . This allows developers to use uniform API calls to manage their orders and payments across multiple services .
 The Cloud Elements Sage Accounting Hub API provides uniform access to Sage One UK , Sage One US , and Sage Live , allowing developers to use normalized resources when interacting with one or more of those products . There are plans to add access to Sage X3 , Sage 50 , Sage 100 , Sage 300 , and MySage in the future .
 HPI Check API.com is a web service that returns HPI ( Hire Purchase inspection ) data on UK cars . This can indicate if there are outstanding Hire purchase agreements against a second hand car , and that the car may be collateral in a loan held against it .
 You can use our API to access CommoPrices' information on prices of more than 1,600 commodities in our database . CommoPrices provides up-to-date and independent data . Covering a wide range of commodities and raw materials in the world .
 The Nigeria Stock Exchange API allows developers to integrate Nigerian stock data into their websites . Available feeds include Top Ten Trades , Top Ten Losers , Top Ten Gainers , No Change , and more . This API is provided by NgTradeOnline , a website designed to help users learn to trade stocks listed on the Nigerian Stock Exchange .
 This REST API allows you to get information on ID , account , subscriptions , status and more . Zuora is subscription management system on a cloud platform with a library of reusable apps with a native developer console for building API's . They provide access to a point-and-click workflow engine , pre-built integrations with CRM , gateways , tax engines , general ledgers , and more .
 The Kontomatik Banking API is a read-only API that allows financial institutions to access their users' banking data programmatically . This includes personal data , account balances , and full statements . Kontomatik is a product that allows financial institutions to obtain KYC , perform credit scoring , and build accurate profiles of their customers in order to provide contextual offers .
 The QuantLayer flagship Filings API , built with Ember.js on top of a Phoenix / Elixir integrates securities and exchange financial data . It allows investors , financial journalists , and Wall Street analysts to investigate events . Sign up for access to interact with JSON architecture , authenticate , make requests , and receive responses .
 The Booking Notifications API allows for a platform that facilitates programmatic access to financial and booking data . It aims to feed a back office system with post booking information to reduce manual book keeping . Allmyles provides bookable content integration for travel services .
 The Metricle API integrates financial big data alerts in real time . It is available in JSON format with Api Key . As a service , Metricle offers sentiment , user scoring , and event detection . Metricle provides financial data analytics services . For additional details , contact info@metricle.com
 The OCBC Bank Forex API delivers the real-time updates of foreign exchange rate movements of international currencies relative a base currency . Developers can incorporate the API in apps for forex display boards or screens . Its provider is a leading Singaporean bank with international operations in 17 countries . The API returns JSON-formatted responses to calls made using the HTTP GET method .
 The OCBC Bank Credit Card Advisor provides an interactive platform for recommending credit card options on the basis of user-generated preferences and profiles . Developers can use the API to create apps that automate collection of users ’ financial and lifestyles profiles and instant conversion of the data into tailored credit card recommendations . The API ’s provider is a leading Singaporean bank with international operations in 17 countries . It returns JSON-formatted responses to calls made using the HTTP GET method .
 CityFALCON offers foreign exchange , commodities , and stocks services by providing portfolios with a variety of online publications . This information is based on the user's trading preferences . The Financial News API integrates an application with a curated publication service which sorts news by paywall , publication type , and tweet categories . This API uses JSON for data exchange , and API Keys for authentication . Developers need to register to access API documentation .
 The Investifly API is an integrative builder solution for testing and piloting a diverse range of automated trading techniques in virtual environments prior to deploying them in live trading platforms . The RESTful API is a full release that is accompanied by a Java SDK . It strictly uses JSON format to send requests and return responses . The API ’s provider , Investfly LLC , is a leading provider of automated and analytical platforms for algorithmic trading strategies , virtual stock exchange trading , stock market game , and technical stock screener solutions . The Investifly API can be integrated with trading APIs provided by Tradier Inc. and Interactive Brokers .
 The CURO Payments API allows merchants to integrate payment functions into their own online shops and services . CURO Payments is a company regulated by the Dutch Central Bank ( DNB ) that specializes in handling financial transactions between customers and online retailers . They also provide services to companies involved in online payments and e-commerce . The CURO Payments website is offered in both Dutch and English .
 Brave New Coin ( BNC ) provides research and data services that offer trading insight to developers and companies . Its services include Bitcoin price and charts , historical data , and blockchain consulting . The Bitcoin Liquid EOD API connects an application with daily OHLCV data for the BNC Bitcoin Liquid Index based on a midnight UTC close . This REST API uses JSON data format , and requires API Keys for authentication .
 Brave New Coin ( BNC ) provides research and data services that offer trading insight to developers and companies . Its services include Bitcoin price and charts , historical data , and blockchain consulting . The Digital Currency Exchange Rates API offers over a hundred digital currency exchange rates . This REST API uses JSON data format , and requires API Keys for authentication .
 Worldbox provides reports about companies around the world . Information such as company credit reports , company profiles , management reports , and legal status is available . The Worldbox API is used to integrate a company index and information retrieval service . This REST API uses JSON for data exchange , API Keys and API Secret for authentication .
 Brave New Coin ( BNC ) provides research and data services that provide trading insight to developers , and companies . Its services include Bitcoin price and charts , historical data , and blockchain consulting . The Digital Currency Tickers API provides index price for more than 100 digital currencies and assets . This API uses JSON data format , and requires API Keys for authentication .
 Brave New Coin ( BNC ) provides research and data services that offer trading insight to developers and companies . Its services include Bitcoin price and charts , historical data , and blockchain consulting . The Bitcoin Liquid Index API provides historical data for Bitcoin market trading , and features daily T-WAP and V-WAP , and 30 second indexed ticks . This API uses JSON data format , and requires API Keys for authentication .
 Brave New Coin ( BNC ) provides research and data services that offer trading insight to developers and companies . Its services include Bitcoin price and charts , historical data , and blockchain consulting . The Bitcoin B-WAP API is built on the BNC BLX ( Bitcoin Liquid Index ) , and features Bitcoin blockchain transaction search , and scalability . This REST API uses JSON data format , and requires API Keys for authentication .
 Kaiko's Blockchain explorer provides data from the blockchain ( such as transactions , blocks , and addresses ) . It also provides balance per address , unspent monitoring , and contextual data in HTTP , JSON , and REST format . Developers can access the API via token .
 CoinSecure is an API that aims to provide developers with a secure way to facilitate transactions with Bitcoin . The API intends to offer features such as security , trade free exchanges , and platform support .
 The societeinfo API provides access to data and information about French companies ( such as legal information , financial data , websites , social networks , phones , mails , and marks ) . This societeinfo API documentation is in French .
 The Financial Times API is available in two versions . The first version provides access to articles , slideshows , and blog posts . The second version provides access to basic information about FT articles , blog posts , and FastFT posts . This second version of the API is still under development . The Financial Times is a newspaper that focuses on business and economics .
 Bitbond is a Bitcoin lending system . This system works as an intermediary between Bitcoin investors and borrowers . The nature of cryptocurrencies allows for a global loan market . The Bitbond API is used to gain access to this peer-to-peer network , create an investment client , and obtain historical data about loans and borrowers . This API returns data in JSON format , and uses OAuth 2 for authentication .
 The CSAS Netbanking API provides developers with REST API interfaces , for accessing bank accounts' information and data of the authenticated user . CSAS is Česká spořitelna ( Czech Savings Bank ) , the largest Czech bank by number of clients .
 The MarketProphit API is a social media based financial management platform . MarketProphit compiles data from financial pundits , bloggers , tweets , etc. and creates ranks and scores for financial trading guidance . MarketProphit ’s API gives developers access to MarkeProhit ’s database , which includes information such as : historical and daily' crowd sentiment' , market sentiment , tweet volume and' buzz' , and ticker scores .
 OpenFIGI API is a channel that links the financial transaction identifiers of third-party providers to the Financial Instrument Global Identifier ( FIGI ) . FIGI aids open data identification of the trading transactions involving financial instruments that represent different classes of assets . Provided by Bloomberg on behalf of the Object Management Group , the FIGI features fixed identifiers that facilitate operational efficiencies to the spectrum of stakeholders that constitute the financial markets value chain . The OpenFIGI API conveys HTTP requests and returns responses in JSON format . It exists as a fully-supported release that comes with publicly accessible documentation .
 XigniteBondsFile provides users with data on bonds reported to FINRA TRACE . This data includes : CUSIP and ISIN identifiers , bond maturity dates , and the size and price of filed trades . XigniteBondsFile can be synced with accounting and bond analysis tools such as Matlab and R. Documentation can be accessed via contacting the provider .
 The Xignite GlobalHistoricalFile is an equities and ETF-trading API . This API gives users access to stock analysis data such as end-of-day prices , trading currency codes , split ratios , etc . GlobalHistoricalFile can be synced with other accounting and stock analysis applications . Documentation can be accessed via contacting the provider .
 The AnywhereCommerce REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of AnywhereCommerce with other applications . Public documentation is not available ; API access comes with account service . AnywhereCommerce provides merchants payment platforms and online point-of-sale ( POS ) functionality and support .
 The Equitywerks API allows developers to integrate their application with the Equitywerks services , providing users e.g. commodity traders , equity traders , and other portfolio managers trade accounting and portfolio accounting solutions . The API provides a programmable interface to the core engine , which tracks orders , trades , and position ; determines P&L ; provides daily statements ; and matches trades ( P&S ) .
 The Autochartist Technical Analysis API is a XML and JSON formatted API that offers users financial data analysis . Autochartist provides their data in a variety of ways including : Fibonacci patterns , chart patterns , and horizontal levels . Autochartist analyzes global financial markets every 15 minutes providing up-to-date information . The are creators of the Autochartist chart pattern recognition platform , MT4 plug-in , and PowerStats .
 The Vetr API gives developers access to Vetr's crowdsourced investment research data . Vetr calculates a star rating and target price for stocks through algorithms , news , and user input . The Vetr API is RESTful , and can be accessed by obtaining an API key via contacting contact@vetr.com .
 TreasuryView ™ provides OpenAPI infrastructure for developers . Such an API enables creation of new clientcentric self-service solutions and processes in financial institutions . Either for B2B / B2C customers in lending or in interest rate derivatives .
 Stellar is a platform that helps developers in building financial products and applications . It features a decentralized distributed database , Multisig , and smart contracts . Horizon is Stellar's client-facing API server that connects to the ledger ( Stellar Core ) . The Stellar Horizon API is REST based and returns data in JSON format . It is used to submit transactions to Stellar Core , check the status of accounts , subscribe to event streams , among other functions .
 Coinhills is a cryptocurrency and stock market index platform . It features a fully customizable dashboard , portfolio manager , and cryptocurrency news reader . Currency pairs are available as well . The CSPA ( Coinhills Spot Price Average ) Index API provides price data based on Coinhills' registered markets . This API returns data in JSON , and JSONP formats .
 OpenACH is a South Dakota payment processing system provider . EasyOFAC is an OFAC compliance platform which features layered fuzzy search to avoid false positives . Also , it provides real time monitoring for ongoing compliance , and guided compliance workflow . This API is is REST based , returns data in JSON format , and uses API keys for authentication .
 The FeedSyndicate Stocks and Markets API allows developers to get delayed quote data that is updated each minute during trading hours and delayed according to individual exchange requirements . This API is derived from the FeedSyndicate Stocks , Markets , and Indices Data feeds , which provide access to continuously updated stocks , markets , and index data from over one hundred major markets around the world . FeedSyndicate provides full news to entertainment content feeds for websites and applications .
 The Bitbond BitcoinPPI API measures the value of Bitcoin by its purchasing power of a Big Mac hamburger . It supports conversion to a local currency , and global average purchasing power . This API responds in JSON format , and its data is updated every 15 minutes . Bitbond provides Bitcoin loans to a global market .
 The Paysera Notification API allows developers to receive notifications from account events . Parameters include credit , currency , amount , beneficiary , and payment . A PHP library is available to support integration , in addition to JSON and REST protocols , which are part of Paysera Wallet API . Paysera provides secured and easy online money transfers via mobile phones .
 The Hyperwallet Payout API brings developers an efficient and accessible platform for executing payouts to a globally dispersed workforce . This API provides the tools needed to quickly and securely make payments to everyone on the workforce . Hyperwallet offers payouts with flexibility , freedom , and on-demand tracking .
 The BlockCypher Metadata API allows developers to storage private and public addresses . API available with token that can be obtained by creating an account . Protocols in HTTP , JSON , and REST . BlockCypher is a block chain platform for powering cryptocurrency applications . Currently , BlockCypher supports Bitcoin , Bitcoin Testnet3 , Litecoin , Dogecoin , and BlockCypher's Test Chain .
 figo.io is the first Banking-as-a-Service in Europe . It enables access to every financial services provider through one API . With the figo Banking API developers can integrate the access to a bank account , the history of transactions , and the submission of payments . Authentication is available via OAuth2 . Formats in JSON and REST allow to request and receive responses to retrieve bank accounts , modify bank accounts , and remove a PIN number from the server .
 FIGARO API is a REST-structured platform for developing transactional financial management applications . It allows developers to link the financial management infrastructures of clients to FIGARO ’s financial management tools . The API is also malleable to third-party entities seeking to integrate or customize it into their systems . FIGARO API ’s provider , JHC Systems , offers web-and mobile-based management solutions for financial markets . The FIGARO API returns data in JSON and XML formats . Its HTTP protocol facilitates simplicity of communication and flexibility to standard SSL encryption between provider and client sides . Access to the API ’s release details is restricted to members of the Figaro Community portal . Non members must contact the provider ’s staff to organize access .
 The ADP Tax API brings developers tools for Tax Credits Screening Solutions . With this API , users can initiate a tax credit screening , find and view details of an existing screening , retrieve tax forms , and more . The ADP APIs are built across eight pillars of Human Capital Management . Currently the ADP APIs are only available in the US , but will be opened up to the rest of the world soon . ADP provides payroll services to businesses in the U.S.
 ADP provides payroll services to businesses in the U.S . The ADP Time API brings developers tools for Time and Labor Management Services . This includes Time Entry , Time Notifications , and Time Off Requests and Approvals . The ADP APIs are built across eight pillars of Human Capital Management . Currently the ADP APIs are only available in the US , but will be opened up to the rest of the world soon .
 The ADP Marketplace API provides a structure to interact with the other ADP APIs . The ADP APIs are built across eight pillars of Human Capital Management . Using the API Explorer , you can easily access all of the APIs and begin building your apps . Currently the ADP APIs are only available in the US , but will be opened up to the rest of the world soon . ADP provides payroll services to businesses in the U.S.
 The ADP Payroll API brings developers tools for Payroll Management and Services . This includes Pay Statements and Distributions , Tax Statements , ATM Locators , Paycard Funding Initiation , and more . The ADP APIs are built across eight pillars of Human Capital Management . Currently the ADP APIs are only available in the US , but will be opened up to the rest of the world soon . ADP provides payroll services to businesses in the U.S.
 The XigniteSuperQuotes API allows developers to access real-time and delayed quotes for asset classes such as equities , funds , and indices . Because the API automatically routes and sources information based on user preferences , users can continue using the same API as they add new asset classes or exchange entitlements to their subscriptions . This API is provided by Xignite , a leading provider of market data cloud solutions . Documentation is available upon request .
 The XigniteGlobalHolidays API allows developers to retrieve holiday schedules for exchanges and settlement dates for financial centers . Data is available from 2010 to 2039 and covers hundreds of major exchanges and financial centers around the world . This API is provided by Xignite , a leading provider of market data cloud solutions . Documentation is available upon request .
 The XigniteGlobalNews API allows developers to retrieve headlines and summaries for news articles relating to the economy , business , or the financial sector . The API also covers news on metals , foreign exchange , and commodities trading . This API is provided by Xignite , a leading provider of market data cloud solutions . Documentation is available upon request .
 The XigniteWidgets API allows developers to integrate widgets displaying real-time and historical financial content into their websites and applications . These widgets are capable of displaying stock quotes , forex data , and economic news and events . This API is provided by Xignite , a leading provider of market data cloud solutions . Documentation is available upon request .
 The XigniteFactSetFundamentals API allows developers to access financial statement data and daily calculated fundamental data for over 70,000 equities around the world . This data is gathered and cross-checked by data teams from FactSet Research Systems . This API is provided by Xignite , a leading provider of market data cloud solutions . Documentation is available upon request .
 The XigniteGlobalHistorical API allows developers to get historical prices for equities trading on more than 50 global exchanges . Available price data includes closing prices , highs , lows , and market volume going back to 2000 . This API is provided by Xignite , a leading provider of market data cloud solutions . Documentation is available upon request .
 The XigniteIPOs API allows developers to integrate initial public offering ( IPO ) data-including IPO pipeline , IPO calendar , IPO schedule , and performance data-from NASDAQ , NYSE , BATS Exchange , and OTCBB markets into their websites and applications . This API is provided by Xignite , a leading provider of market data cloud solutions . Documentation is available upon request .
 The XigniteNAVs API allows developers to access Net Asset Value ( NAV ) data for U.S. mutual funds . This data is updated daily at the end of the day and is intended to facilitate research and analysis of mutual fund performances . This API is provided by Xignite , a leading provider of market data cloud solutions . Documentation is available upon request .
 The Open PermID Record Matching API is a useful developer tool to match your own entity data to Thomson Reuters identifiers . Some of the features of this API are resolving your Organization , Instrument or Quote records to permid.org URLs , reconciling your data with Thomson Reuters data , and using obtained identifiers to get more information on your records from Thomson Reuters via the search API .
 Commercial Loan Direct provides a user-friendly API to give website developers the ability to show key market interest rates on their website . The Commercial Loan Direct API returns a table with the current key market commercial interest rates . Commercial Load Direct is an online commercial real estate and mortgage banking firm .
 The Aplos API provides accounting solutions for non-profit organizations . It returns information in JSON format . It offers an integrated set of web-services such as contribution management , and fund accounting . Aplos offers its integrated , accounting products to churches and non-profit organizations .
 Options City API provides financial implementation to trading based applications . This API only supports JSON responses . Developers need to setup an account to access cloud services . OptionsCity Software is a global provider of electronic trading solutions for professional futures and options traders .
 ( ed : As of March , 2017 , this API is currently inactive ) FundPaas is a platform-as-a-service leveraging crowdfunding tool for startups and investors . The Business Onboarding API is used to register a business , associate a business type , and determine roles for business principals . The API uses JSON for requests and responses with HTTP methods , and API Keys for authentication . The API documentation outlines methods and provides code samples .
 The Crowd Valley REST API provides developers access to integrate the functionality of Crowd Valley with other applications and to create other applications . Some example API methods include retrieving organization information , retrieving investment information , and managing user information . Crowd Valley provides financial information and backend support for creating of digital financial and investment platforms .
 Sentdex specializes in the analysis of finance , politics , and geographical data . The company's slogan is : Qualifying the Quantitative , offering sentiment analysis technology to try to predict results , without the guaranty to take it as an investment advice . The API offers financial trading signals and raw data from the stock sentiment analysis database .
 The IAmReal Social Validation API allows developers to integrate their applications with the Social Validation service provided by I Am Real , enabling them to authenticate users by using their Facebook profile . I Am Real enables websites , applications and content providers to verify their users against their online profiles .
 Previously named Bitreserve , the Uphold API integrates transactions into applications . JSON format is available to send requests and receive responses . Developers require token to access the API . Methods include currencies , tickets , accounts , cards , contacts , users , and statistics .
 Currencylayer provides a REST API with real-time and historical exchange rates for 168 world currencies and precious metals , delivered in a JSON format and compatible with any application , framework or language . Currencylayer forex data powers currency converters , mobile apps and back-office systems around the world .
 Use the Real-Time Federal Campaign Finance API to find campaign finance information on federal candidates , committees , PACs , and other groups that file with the Federal Election Commission ( FEC ) . The API returns results in JSON or CSV and requires an API Key . Information provided by groups that file electronically is available immediately , while groups that file on paper have their information added as soon as it is digitized by the FEC . See the project page for more information and to access a test API .
 The Kimono Labs SEC REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Kimono Labs SEC with other applications . This EDGAR ® Online SEC API provides easy , programmatic access to data from ~ 19,000 public company filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission . Some example API methods include retrieving information on companies , retrieving reports from companies , and retrieving financial forms . Kimono Labs offers a tool that allows users to create an API using any web page directly from within a browser .
 The Coinalytics Blockstem REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Coinalytics using JSON . Some example API methods include retrieving blockchain address information , managing user information , and returning transaction data and information . Coinalytics provides tools that offer information and analytics about Bitcoin blockchain . Possible uses include compliance , business intelligence , and finance in the Bitcoin industry .
 The Customer Account Data API provides developers access to end-user financial account and transactional information from different financial institutions . Intuit is one of the service providers specialized in small business , personal finance , and tax software .
 The Deep Audit API makes calls over HTTPS with returns in JSON or XML . There is a rate limit of 500 requests per hour . An application key is required and available by request from Deep Audit . Use the Deep Audit API to access publicly available financial data from over 20,000 companies for free . All data comes from the Securities and Exchange Commission and is extracted using XBRL . See the API home page for detailed information on implementing Deep Audit as well as some code examples .
 The GetRateSummary API allows developers to access the current rates and the previous weeks rates per loan type from Zillow Mortgage Marketplace . Current supported loan types are : 30-year fixed , 15-year fixed , and 5/1 ARM . The GetRateSummary API aims to return rates for a specific state if the optional state parameter is used .
 The Twenty15Coin API by T15EX is a BitCoin exchange API . Divided into public and private API versions , the API can be used to retrieve daily BitCoin transaction statistics , such as current trading prices , and trade volumes . With an API key , developers can return account balances , open new orders , retrieve deposit information , withdraw funds , and process orders . Twenty15 is a secure interface that enables users to purchase and trade BitCoins with low fees .
 The Stock Pulse Keyword Analysis API enables users to explore the association count with keywords associated with the tag " stocks . " The API searches a large dataset of linked bookmarks , and counts the number of occurrences for each keyword . A call can be made to view the available' tags ,' returning a JSON serialized array arranged by the popularity of the word . Searching for other tags , such as " apple " will return the most commonly associated keywords with that word , such as " stocks , money , iphone , mac ... " etc . The API is supported by Thinktag . Example requests include :
 Avalara is an online tax filing solution that integrates with QuickBooks , MSDun , Magento , 3dcart , and others . The Avalara Tax Rates API will accept country and postal codes as inputs to retrieve the corresponding sales tax rate for an area . The API can also accept an address along with the country , state , and zip code in order to determine a specific location's tax rates . The Tax Rates API returns a JSON response that lists individual jurisdictions , a summary , and the corresponding tax rates returned as decimal equivalents to percentages . The Avalara Tax Rates API has a limit of 15 tax rate requests per minute .
 ID Services ( formerly GruntRoll ) provides authentication services for U.S. Military and Veterans . A JS-SDK and REST API are available at https://id.services
 Yodlee Interactive is a cloud platform that provides digital financial services for businesses . The Yodlee platform provides real-time account verification . The Yodlee Instant Account Verification SOAP API lets developers to integrate this service with their applications , enabling them to verify consumers ’ account information in real-time using Simple Object Access Protocol .
 Yodlee Interactive is a cloud platform that provides digital financial services for businesses . The Yodlee platform provides real-time account verification . The Yodlee Instant Account Verification REST API lets developers to integrate this service with their applications , enabling them to verify consumers ’ account information in real-time using Representational State Transfer .
 Yodlee Interactive is a cloud platform that provides digital financial services for businesses . The Yodlee platform aggregates consumers ’ data or sets of data based on the consumers ’ permissions . The Yodlee Aggregation SOAP API lets developers to integrate this data with their applications , enabling them to request for consumers ’ data using Simple Object Access Protocol .
 Yodlee Interactive is a cloud platform that provides digital financial services for businesses . The Yodlee platform aggregates consumers ’ data or sets of data based on the consumers ’ permissions . The Yodlee Aggregation REST API lets developers to integrate this data with their applications , enabling them to request for consumers ’ data in the RESTful way .
 BitPay hosts a REST-based interface for developers to interact with a user's BitPay account and online Bitcoin payment service . Users can submit orders in over 30 currencies , display payment instructions , receive payment notifications , and receive payouts to banks in 9 countries . The BitPay Rate API returns exchange rates which compare the price of Bitcoin to hundreds of currencies across the world . The API can be accessed over HTTPS and returns a JSON-formatted responses .
 Worldwide Bitcoin Exchange ( WBE ) is a Bitcoin and Litecoin exchange service . GET HTTP calls can be made to the WBE public API in order to return Bitcoin & LItecoin data including average prices , high and low trades within the last 24 hours , highest bid , and highest asks . Calls to the orderbook can additionally be made to access their directory of recent bids and asks . In order to access the private API , developers require an API key , user name , and signature . WBE users can generate API keys from their accounts . The private API functions include posting an order and editing existing orders using POST HTTP methods .
 This API provides access to Zacks Research database of estimated announcement dates , estimation parameters and supplemental data regarding EPS estimates and EPS actuals for over 5000 publicly traded companies .
 Lending Club is a credit marketplace designed to make banking more efficient , transparent , and consumer-friendly . They operate at a lower cost than traditional banks , allowing them to provide lower rates for borrowers and solid returns for investors . Individuals , institutions , and third parties can use the Lending Club API to customize and independently automate their loan investments .
 This API is updated daily and provides access to Zacks Research database chronicling the previous 10 years estimated and actual earnings for 6,000 US and Canadian listed companies . The data is comprised of surveys from over 2,600 analysts in 185 North American brokerage firms and is cross referenced with earnings reports .
 Updated daily , this API provides access to earnings estimates database for over 5,000 US and Canadian listed companies . The data derives from surveys of more than 2,600 analysts from 185 brokerage firms across North America as calculated through Zacks Research .
 Barchart is a provider of futures , equity and foreign exchange market data . The getEquityOptions API provides EOD options data such as strike , expiration date , volatility , etc . All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON , XML , and CSV formats . Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage .
 The CheckIssuing API allows users to securely import data directly into the company's systems to process payments . To use the API , it is suggested to create an account . After receiving an API key , the documents will serve as a guide to begin with the implementation . This API can be particularly useful to access account balances , submit new deposits , and submit new payment requests .
 Comkort is a Bitcoin and cryptocurrency exchange service based in Tallin Estonia . Using the Comkort Public API , developers can request market lists , summaries with information regarding the last 24 hours of exchanges , and return recent trades for a specific market . Using an API key , developers can access the Comkort Private API in order to retrieve account balances , order trade history , and return recent transactions . The Private API may also be implemented to place new orders and withdrawals .
 LuxStack is a Japanese-based BitCoin trading and wallet hosting service . Using the LuxStack API , developers can programmatically send BitCoins to users with private account keys . The API can also be used to return check balances , transaction information , the current BitCoin mining difficulty level , current BitCoin market prices against specified currencies , and more . The API can also be used to set up email notifications to be triggered for certain block hash detections . All requests use POST methods and return JSON formatted responses . To further development ability with LuxStack , SDKs are also available for Android , iOS , Javascript , Node.js , PHP , and Ruby .
 Blockscan is an XCP block explorer which provides information on the number of transactions processed , total XCP ( ounces of copper ) supplies , dex prices , etc . Blockscan offers several APIs for retrieving information from the website . The Blockscan Asset API lets users get a variety of information on available assets , while the Blockscan Address API retrieves address balances and address credit / debit information for assets . The Blockscan DEX API lets users get the latest dex BTCPAY price for an asset , and the Blockscan Money Supply API lets users get XCP money supply information .
 bx.in.th is a Thailand-based Bitcoin and cryptocurrency exchange platform operated by Bitcoin Exchange Thailand ( Bitcoin Co. Ltd. ) . Their API accessibility is divided into Public and Private . The bx.in.th Public API allows anyone to view market data from the exchange , including rates , orderbook , currency pairing for comparison , high and low trades , average Bitcoin pricing , and more . The Private API requires an API key for use . HTTP POST requests can be made to place orders and manage existing orders . Private account data may be returned , such as balances , order history , transaction history , and withdrawal requests . All requests made to the API will return JSON encoded data as a response .
 The Company Check API provides direct access to a wealth of information on companies and directors . The API platform is useful to developers to incorporate company , director , financial , credit data , and many more data fields into software and business apps . By applying for the API Key , developers can choose between different levels of account plans .
 LakeBTC is a Chinese based BitCoin exchange service . Using their REST API , developers can make requests to the Market Data ticker to receive information on the last price , best bid , best ask , 24-hour high and 24-hour low prices in New York and the United States . Calls to the API may also be made to return information from the' Orderbook ,' and' Trade History' parameters in order to showcase details on all recent trades . For authentication , users must submit an API key , valid timestamp , and use the correct JSON formatting aimed as a POST HTTP method . Private functionality of the API allows users to programmatically purchase , sell , and trade , edit existing orders , etc . The public Market Data API may also be retrieved by subscribing to the LakeBTC Websocket . Client libraries exist to enable developers to access the websocket API from various languages ( C++ , Ruby , Rails ) .
 Bitso is a Latin American BitCoin exchange service . The Bitso API allows developers to interface with the Bitso platform from 3rd party applications or websites . The publicly accessible Bitso trading API can be called to return data on average BitCoin prices , daily low and highs , trade volume , and additional data using the Peso as a referent . Calls can expose the Bitso orderbook which includes lists of all recent BitCoin transactions . An API key and encrypted signature is required to access the private API functions , which include account balance , user info , placing trades , and editing orders .
 Bitcoind.de is a Germany-based BitCoin exchange service . The Bitcoin.de API allows users with an API key to obtain summaries of recently completed BitCoin trades . The API can be used to access current bids and offers , as well as the current average BitCoin asking price . All requests are made with JSON formatted requests to an HTTP endpoint . The API can return rates , queries by user ID , and calls to access the order book which includes all bids and asks .
 BTC Markets is an Australian based BitCoin and cryptocurrency exchange . Using BTC Markets , users can buy , trade , and sell their digital currency all through their bank account credentials . BTC Markets hosts an API to help developers create trading and payment mobile app solutions . The BTC Markets REST API accepts JSON formatted GET requests to the HTTP endpoint . The API will return account balances , can be used to transfer funds , and be used to retrieve market data via a ticker , orderbook , and summary of recent trades . The BTC Markets API accepts an API key and valid time stamp for authentication .
 igot is an exchange platform that allows users to buy and sell BitCoin . Users can purchase locally using their bank credentials . igot also hosts two ticker APIs that supply data open for public consumption . Using the igot Stats API BUY developers can make HTTP GET requests to receive the latest BitCoin purchase prices against major world currencies , including daily average price , deviation percentages , and daily lowest price . Similarly , calls to the igot Stats API SELL will return highest sell of the day , average daily sell , and open price against all major currencies . In addition to the APIs , igot also offers an embeddable ticker widget for web use .
 Huobi is a Chinese BitCoin and cryptocurrency online exchange service . Using the Huobi Trade API , users can submit transaction requests with HTTP POST methods in order to buy , sell , or trade BitCoin and other cryptocurrency . The API consists of Market API , Public API , Withdraw API and Account API . Users may also use the Trade API to check and modify existing orders , return account balances , and perform account maintenance .
 OKCoin is a Singapore-based BitCoin and futures exchange platform . Using the OKCoin Trade API , OKCoin users can exercise programmatic access to real time cryptocurrency market data , account management , and to check transaction history . The Price API can be called upon to value cryptocurrency prices in comparison to the U.S. dollar and to return latest trade information . Similarly , the Futures REST Price and Trade APIs allow OKCoin users to manage their accounts and perform similar functions but in regards to trading futures . OKCoin also hosts websocket APIs for their Trade and Public APIs . All HTTP requests to the OKCoin API will return JSON-formatted responses . Developers can apply for API access from their OKCoin account .
 Yacuna Exchange provides an API for conducting automated trading . The following markets are currently available ( with more to come ) : XBT / EUR , LTC / EUR , DOGE / EUR , XBT / LTC , XBT / DOGE . Cryptocurrencies can be exchanged to conventional currencies . The transactions with digital currencies used on the Yacuna trading platform are subject to the same market mechanisms as stock exchanges .
 The Developer API gives you full access to Yacuna in order to integrate Bitcoin payments into your application or in setting up an arbitrage .
 AsMoney is an electronic payment system based on the Bitcoin and Litecoin networks . Members can make instant payments for goods and services , or send and receive money with minimal fees .
 Taxamo is a service that makes it easier for online retailers to comply with EU VAT tax laws by taking care of EU VAT calculations , evidence collection , EU MOSS settlement , and audit services . The Taxamo REST API enables users to integrate its compliance services into their shopping carts or e-commerce software . Integrating with Taxamo does not affect the customer's purchasing experience .
 The Canadian Virtual Exchange ( CAVIRTEX ) is a BitCoin and cryptocurrency exchange platform . Their public API allows developers to communicate with CAVIRTEX in order to receive real time cryptocurrency pricing and trading information . Their private API requires special API access , and allows users to implement trading , balance-checking , and more programmatically . This RESTful API uses JSON formatted requests and responses .
 AllCoin is a BitCoin & cryptocurrency exchange platform . The AllCoin API is split into a public open API , and a private API that requires special user access permissions . The public API may be used to return market summaries , a list of exchange-wide recent orders , and live cryptocurrency prices . Using the private API , users may access the Wallet & Trade APIs to request personal account balances , and to order trades . The Public and Private APIs have caps of 3000 & 1000 calls per hour per IP address , respectively . Users interested in accessing the private API ( currently in beta ) may email AllCoin to request API keys .
 Atomic Trade is a New Jersey-based BitCoin and cryptocurrency exchange . They allow users to buy , sell , and trade major crypto-currencies . The Atomic Trade API is a free to use open data API that accepts HTTP requests . Individual calls will return marketplace data arrays such as current cryptocurrency pricing , a list of active markets along with coin volume and pricing , recent orders issued through Atomic Trade , details on trades since a certain timestamp , and trade pair comparisons including price and volume . The data can be implemented into 3rd party applications that require cryptocurrency market information .
 BitKonan is a Croatian-based BitCoin and cryptocurrency trading platform that offers a flat trading rate of 0.29 % per transaction . The BitKonan Public API allows access to market data including recent BitCoin prices , highest buy and sell orders , order book , and recent transactions . Using an API key , developers may access the private API to retrieve a user's balance , view a specific user's transactions , and perform order maintenance . Requests to the server are made over HTTP and return JSON objects .
 MyBitX is a global BitCoin and crypto-currency exchange service and wallet hosting service . With MyBitX , users can accept , spend and receive BitCoin using personal secure wallet . Using the MyBitX API without authentication , developers may retrieve market data . Using HTTP basic authentication , developers may request recently placed orders , create new trade orders , receive balances , make withdrawals , and more . API calls are currently limited to one request per minute per IP address .
 CoinAccel is a cryptocurrency exchange for purchasing and trading major cryptocurrencies without requiring identity confirmation . Devlopers can integrate the CoinAccel API into 3rd party applications by making HTTP requests to receive JSON-formatted responses . The API returns information regarding current market trends , cryptocurrency pricing , account balances , and active orders .
 Coinbroker.io provides a RESTful API for accessing information on cryptocurrency market data for incorporation into 3rd party applications . The Coinbroker.io Market API returns information in JSON responses for market statistics , a ticker of recent minimum and maximum selling points , and aggregated order price points . Coinbroker.io has limited it's API usage to 10 requests per second per IP . The API is free for public use , and no authentication is required .
 CoinSpot is an Australia-based cryptocurrency exchange and wallet hosting platform . Developers can register for a free API key to implement the CoinSpot API into 3rd party applications . Simple HTTP requests will return JSON formatted information on latest prices , open orders , and order history . Requests can also be made to view active orders , and to purchase and sell currencies .
 CryptoAve.com is a secure exchange service for purchasing and selling Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies . CryptoAve.com hosts a public API that developers can implement into 3rd party applications to display information on market statistics and real time currency prices . The API accepts 3000 HTTP requests per 24 hour period and returns JSON formatted responses .
 Barchart OnDemand provides data pertaining to the agriculture , media , financial , and energy industries . The getFuturesOptionsExpiration API provides last trade dates for options on futures contracts . All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON , XML , and CSV formats . Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage .
 Barchart OnDemand provides data pertaining to the agriculture , media , financial , and energy industries . The getFuturesExpiration API provides first notice and last trade dates for futures contracts . All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON , XML , and CSV formats . Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage .
 Barchart OnDemand provides data pertaining to the agriculture , media , financial , and energy industries . The getFuturesSpecifications API provides contract information such as trading hours , contract size and tick size for futures contracts . All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON , XML , and CSV formats . Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage .
 Barchart OnDemand provides data pertaining to the agriculture , media , financial , and energy industries . The getInstrumentDefinition API is available to request meta data on financial instruments by symbol , exchange , or exchange MIC . Meta data includes instrument names , exchange codes , tick increments , base codes , expiration dates and more . All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON , XML , and CSV formats . Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage .
 Barchart OnDemand provides data pertaining to the agriculture , media , financial , and energy industries . The getSECFilings API provides access to quarterly , annual and other required regulatory / SEC filings for U.S. publically traded companies based on symbol . All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON , XML , and CSV formats . Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage .
 Barchart OnDemand provides data pertaining to the agriculture , media , financial , and energy industries . The getETFDetails API provides ETF profile information including descriptions , fund family , underlying index , inception date , alpha , beta , shares outstanding , management fee , assets under management , top 10 holdings and more . All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON , XML , and CSV formats . Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage .
 Barchart OnDemand provides data pertaining to the agriculture , media , financial , and energy industries . The getMomentum API provides a daily summary on the number of advancing , declining and unchanged stocks , as well as the percentage of stocks above moving averages of different lengths . All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON , XML , and CSV formats . Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage .
 Barchart is a provider of futures , equity and foreign exchange market data . The getSignal API provides the Barchart Technical Opinion / Signal ( buy , sell or hold ) based on a variety of short , medium and long-term technical indicators based on a symbol . All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON , XML , and CSV formats . Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage .
 Barchart is a provider of futures , equity and foreign exchange market data . The getScreener API provides the ability to screen for stocks , index , mutual fund , ETF or futures instruments that meet a custom set of criteria . All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON , XML , and CSV formats . Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage .
 Barchart is a provider of futures , equity and foreign exchange market data . The getTechnicals API provides technical data and statistics for equities , indices , futures , forex and funds based on symbol . Fields include moving averages , percent changes over different time periods and stochastics . All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON , XML , and CSV formats . Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage .
 Coinprism is a service that allows for the tokenization of cryptocurrency . Using Coinprism's Colored Coins , users are able to trade shares , bonds , and commodities without regulation by coloring BitCoin . Using the Coinprism Colored Coins API , developers can use GET & POST HTTP requests to issue colored coins , access a wallet to make a transaction , and return balances .
 Barchart is a provider of futures , equity and foreign exchange market data . The getLeaders API provides leaderboard lists for equities , futures , forex , mutual funds and ETFs , including most active , gainers , losers , what's hot and what's not hot . All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON , XML , and CSV formats . Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage .
 Barchart is a provider of futures , equity and foreign exchange market data . The getHighsLows API provides lists for new 52-week highs or 52-week lows based on exchange and asset type . All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON , XML , and CSV formats . Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage .
 Barchart is a provider of futures , equity and foreign exchange market data . The getCorporateActions API provides corporate actions data on equities including Splits , Dividends and Earnings , based on a symbol . All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON , XML , and CSV formats . Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage .
 WhatMine is a resource for comprehensive information on various cryptocurrency prices and exchange rates . The WhatMine API can be accessed via simple HTTP GET requests and will return a JSON object . Developers can implement the API in order to retrieve information on a single coin . Maximum amount of API calls range from 20 to 5,000 depending on pricing plan .
 Based in Switzerland , Swisscex displays cryptocurrency market valuation trends and acts as a currency exchange platform . API calls may be made via the Swisscex API in order to retrieve quotes on current values . Calls are made over HTTP , and the output is a JSON object . For use , account users can generate an API key by visiting the API documentation page .
 Mintpal is a cryptocurrency exchange platform . The Mintpal API is currently in V1 , allowing developers to access the Mintpal API to retrieve information on all supported cryptocurrency price indexes , market statistics , personal trades , orders , and other data . V2 , currently in beta , will allow developers to post trades and call orders using the Mintpal wallet platform as well . All calls are made via HTTP , and the data is returned in JSON formatted arrays . The request limit is 10 requests per second .
 Barchart is a provider of futures , equity and foreign exchange market data . The getIndexMembers API returns the stocks compromising a given index . All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON , XML , and CSV formats . Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage .
 Barchart is a provider of futures , equity and foreign exchange market data . The getRatings API provides analysts ratings on stocks ( strong buy , moderate buy , hold , moderate sell or strong sell ) based on a symbol . All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON , XML , and CSV formats . Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage .
 Barchart is a provider of futures , equity and foreign exchange market data . The getInsiders API provides insider transaction records for publically traded companies based on symbol . Data reported includes the date of the transaction , transaction type , number of shares and the transaction value . All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON , XML , and CSV formats . Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage .
 Barchart is a provider of futures , equity and foreign exchange market data . The getCompetitors API provides a list of related stock symbols ( competitors ) for an underlying stock input . All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON , XML , and CSV formats . Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage .
 Barchart is a provider of futures , equity and foreign exchange market data . The getBalanceSheets API provides access to public company financial balance sheets based on symbol . All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON , XML , and CSV formats . Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage .
 Barchart is a provider of futures , equity and foreign exchange market data . The getIncomeStatements API provides access to public company financial Income statements based on symbol . All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON , XML , and CSV formats . Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage .
 Barchart is a provider of futures , equity and foreign exchange market data . The getFinancialRatios API provides key financial ratios for equities based on symbol . Up to 8 years of financial ratios are available and fields include earnings per share , return on equity and price to earnings . All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON , XML , and CSV formats . Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage .
 Barchart is a provider of futures , equity and foreign exchange market data . The getFinancialHighlights API provides key financial highlights , ratios and statistics for equities based on symbol . Fields include market capitalization , revenue , net income , revenue growth and earnings per share . All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON , XML , and CSV formats . Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage .
 EDGAR Online is a service that provides data related to equities , mutual funds and public assets . With the API , developers could retrieve financial information from an individual , search financial content of a company and even complete targeted searches in multiple locations . The API is about financial data and it may be useful for developers in the financial sector who intent to have access to financial public information . To create an application , developers can register for an API key . At the same time , they can review the datasets along with actions and description for different parameters such as companies , coreFinancials and CompanySets . Just as the API Key is required , also is the protocol HTTPS , endpoints and responses in JSON / XML formats .
 Fixer.io is an API that returns foreign exchange rates based on daily and historical feeds from the European Central Bank . These foreign exchange reference rates are generally updated by 3 pm Central European Time . The API quotes rates against the Euro by default , but users can request quotes made against a different currency .
 JiveData provides access to financial data for SEC ( U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ) reporting companies . The JiveData API allows developers to retrieve and update user details , get recent filings , look up the ticker for a given company , get financial details for a ticker , get economic updates , and more .
 Block.io API offers a secure wallet and payment service for transacting the three most common cryptocurrencies ( Bitcoin , Doge , & LiteCoin ) . Their service is hosted without fees . Their HTTP request API uses the keys associated with each personal cryptocurrency account , to return balances , conduct withdrawals and account maintenance , and return user IDs & addresses associated with a specific account .
 WinkDex is an index for the Bitcoin market , offering real time conversion rates from US Dollars to BitCoin . Their RESTful API allows developers to query their price index at any time to return amounts and timestamps to track change . After agreeing to their terms of service , and identifying an application by sharing a user agent name , no authentication is currently required to use the WinkDex API .
 The ActiveTick Market Data API supports binary requests and responses using an indirect architectural style . Available for purchase , it provides a programming interface to query market data , historical chart , and tick data , manage streaming subscriptions , and receive streaming updates . The API covers stock , option , index , and currency exchanges in streaming updates . Developers can create a new developer account for options at https://www.activetick.com/activetick/contents/CreateNewAccountStepDeveloperProductList.aspx
 Visa Checkout API helps developers to integrate payments . The fundamental value of this API is the functionality of e-commerce transactions , useful for developers who work with online businesses open 24/7 . The API is about payment integration . Visa Checkout API features REST protocol , HTTPS interfaces , and API Key which can be used publicly or privately . Developers can receive Twitter tips and e-mail support .
 The Pacer service provides online access to documents related to appellate , bankruptcy , civil , criminal and multi-district litigation in the United States . This API about public access to court electronic records provides an easy-to-use JSON / XML to the Pacer Case Locator . When developers visit the site , they will see demo data because they have not been logged in yet in the system . Once they create a Pacer account , developers will have admission to an API key . Support available in contact form .
 The Pemilu Campaign Finance Report API allows users to retrieve campaign finance reports on the 2014 Indonesian elections , including reports on the contributions for a single candidate or all contributions in total . The Campaign Finance Report API is part of API Pemilu , a collection of APIs that provide Indonesia's approximately 187 million voters with important election information .
 BTClevels is a Bitcoin binary option trader that enables users to earn money based on exchange rate fluctuations between Bitcoins and US Dollars . The website uses listings and quotations that are taken from HitBtc in real time . Users can make bets through the site with or without registration . The BTClevels API allows users to retrieve information from the site or perform trades .
 CrowdTrust is a service that provides users with verified , crowdfunding data . This data is used by entrepreneurs , crowdfunding platforms and investors .
 The AllPay API mirrors the functionality provided by the AllPay user interface . JSON and SOAP versions of the API are available . All data is available for CRUD operations . Lists of data can be polled using a fluent SQL-like syntax and updated in batched transactions . Reports and exports can be run , polled and downloaded via HTTP streams . Employee documents are available to update and download via streams . The API also allows for the creation of Single-Sign-On tokens for the employee self service and new employee onboarding portals . The API also support ll payroll operations such as creating check dates , adding checks to employees and submitting payroll for processing .
 itBit is a Bitcoin trading platform that provides secure global currency exchange services . The itBit Trading API consists of a Trade API and a Market Data API . The Trade API allows users to handle orders , create wallets , transfer funds between wallets , and request Bitcoin withdrawal or deposit addresses . The Market Data API allows users to retrieve market data for three currency pairs : XBTUSD , XBTSGD , and XBTEUR .
 Active Frequency is a web and mobile development group specializing in Android and Django platforms . They provide web and mobile software projects across various industries , including healthcare , education , e-commerce , politics , and gaming .
 The Chain Block Chain API provides a platform for developers to build bitcoin applications and features .
 The LendUp API is a RESTful lending platform providing various solutions for the customer . The API can help with notifications , transaction processing , underwriting , customer service , collections and compliance . It can be integrated for checkout , declines , co-branding , and BYOL ( Build Your Own Loan ) .
 Coinorama is an independent service that monitors Bitcoin networks , exchanges , and blockchains . It comes with three APIs that provide users with programmatic access to Coinorama's public ticker data . The Markets Ticker API returns exchange information , including the price of the latest trade , trading volume , direction , and currency-to-USD conversion rates . The Bitcoin Network Info API returns information on Bitcoins , including the last block ID , the last block timestamp , current period difficulty , current period length , previous period difficulty , and previous period length . The Bitcoin Blockchain API returns detailed information on blocks , public addresses , and transactions .
 The Quandl Bitcoin Market Data API provides users with programmatic access to Bitcoin price data and market statistics . Available data is consolidated from hundreds of primary sources and aggregators , and it includes Bitcoin exchange rates , market size , transaction fees , mining information , and more . Developers have free and unlimited access to this data via API .
 Doge API is a digital wallet for Dogecoins , a type of cryptocurrency . The wallet allows users to send , receive , and keep track of their Dogecoins . Doge API calls allow users to check their balance , send payments , get their payment address , get the current Dogecoin price in USD or BTC , retrieve a list of their recent transactions , and more .
 The Xignite GetBars API allows users to retrieve intraday period bars for a given currency pair . Intraday period bars provide a visual representation of financial data that has been sampled at regularl intervals throughout a given day . For each day , the API returns the highest , lowest , opening , closing , and average currency exchange rate quotes . Currency pair data is available for the past 30 days .
 Xignite GetHistoricalRates allows users to get the historical exchange rates for currency pairs . For a given date range and currency pair , the API returns the opening and closing rate quotes , the highest and lowest rate quotes , and the arithmetic average for all rate quotes . GetHistoricalRates can provide historical exchange rates from as far back as January 4 , 2010 .
 People can retrieve data from TreasuryDirect.gov programmatically using RESTful APIs . The Treasury Securities API lets users get information on announced securities , auctioned securities , particular types of securities , or specific individual securities . The Debt API lets users get the most recent debt data or the debt data for a given date . API users can also perform searches for securities and debt data .
 Forex API-Convert Historical Value from xignite converts an amount from one currency to another using the rate as of a specified historical date . Fixing time can be provided for rates that go back to 1/4/2010 . Historical rates prior to 1/4/2010 are London midnight rates .
 The API uptime is at least 99.9 % and the data is updated in true real-time as new quotes are issued from market participants . Data is returned in XML , JSON , or CSV formats .
 The API uptime is at least 99.9 % and the data is updated in true real-time as new quotes are issued from market participants . Data is returned in XML , JSON , or CSV format .
 Forex API-Get Real Time Rate Table from xignite returns rates for multiple currency pairs in a matrix structure . Over 29,000 historical and real-time currency pairs are covered .
 The API uptime is at least 99.9 % and the data is updated in true real-time as new quotes are issued from market participants . Data is returned in XML , JSON , or CSV format .
 Forex API-Get Real Time Rate from Xignite returns a real time spot rate for a requested currency pair . Calculated rates are returned for currency pairs for which spot rate data is not available . Over 29,000 historical and real-time currency pairs are covered .
 Forex API-List Currencies from Xignite returns currencies for which spot and historical data is available . Over 29,000 historical and real-time currency pairs are covered .
 The API uptime is at least 99.9 % and the data is updated in true real-time as new quotes are issued from market participants . Data is returned in XML , JSON , or CSV format .
 The Xignite Global Real Time Options API provides real-time quotes for equity options listed in the U.S. Users can also perform option chain lookups and get highs , lows , contract sizes , underlying asset information , and other data . The API allows users to retrieve data on one or more securities at a time .
 The Xignite Global Indices Real Time API provides users with real-time access to index values from over 10,000 U.S. and international markets . These include the Dow Jones , NASDAQ , and other popular index families . API users can view index lists by group or search for indexes by name . Volume information is only available for a limited number of indices .
 The Xignite Global Indices Historical API enables users to retrieve historical prices for equities going back to January 1 , 2000 . It provides closing prices along with open , high , low , volume and other market statistics for equities on more than 50 global exchanges . API users may also request split prices and prices adjusted for dividends .
 VentureDeal is a database that provides the latest information about venture capital firms and transactions . The VentureDeal API provides customized XML data feed tracking activity in the venture-backed technology startup arena . The API allows users to customize data feeds by region , industry , and other criteria . Users can set up feeds to follow transactions , watch active investors , and other feeds . An account is required with service .
 Blockr.io is a site that allows users to browse Bitcoin transaction blocks and view individual transactions and the addresses to which they occurred . The site also offers information on the addresses with the most Bitcoins , the addresses with the most transactions , and other trivia . Blockr.io provides APIs that enable users to retrieve information on coins , blocks , transactions , and addresses .
 TaxJar provides retailers with easy access to the information they need to file their sales tax returns for all counties and cities in the U.S. TaxJar provides access to its information through two APIs : the Smart Sales Tax API and the Sales Tax Rate API . The Smart Sales Tax API allows users to determine the amount of sales tax that should be withheld based on a shipment's origin and destination points . The Sales Tax Rate API allows users to retrieve the sales tax rate for a given location .
 Masterchain is the collective ledger of all mastercoin transaction . Individuals who partake in the purchase and trade of the mastercoin crypto-currency utilize the masterchain to verify ownership of mastercoins , transact , and store mastercoins . The Masterchain API uses REST calls and returns JSON . Users can make calls to get a trade ID , get an address for delivery or receipt , and check the currency exchange rate .
 MasterXchange is an online exchange for MasterCoin , a type of cryptocurrency . This type of MasterCoin is not the same as the one traded on Cryptsy , and the two are not interchangeable . The MasterXchange API provides functions that allow users to get the last 500 trades , see the 500 best bids and asks , and get the current number of MasterCoins in existence .
 Agregador Financiero is a financial aggregator aimed to help streamline the financial transaction collection process . The site allows users to input bank information , which is stored locally , and specify movements within a website . The service then accesses all entered banks , pulls financial transactions from each , and compiles the information into spreadsheets . The Agregador Financiero API allows users to automate the process of data collection . An account is required with service .
 Trading Economics provides its users with access to economic data for 196 countries including historical data for more than 300.000 economic indicators , exchange rates , stock market indexes , government bond yields and commodity prices . The Trading Economics API allows users to make calls to get a list of countries , get a list of indicators , get a matrix of countries , get indicators by country , and get indicators by category . The API uses REST calls and returns HTML , CSV , and JSON .
 Stocks an investment trading platform that uses algorithmic trading to provide tools to trade in equities , options , as well as provide futures prices , technical analyses and fundamental data . The StockViz API provides users with access data , news and analytics for stocks , etfs and indices in the National Stock Exchange ( NSE ) of India . An account is required with service and REST calls are used .
 Bit2c Ltd is an Israeli company that provides a monetary exchange system with Bitcoins . The Bit2c API uses REST calls , and returns JSON . The API allows users to access various trade resources including the orderbook , and transactions . An authenticated users can query to view account balances , add orders , get orders , cancel orders , get order history , and create merchant credentials . An account is required with service , and SSL and an API key are used for authentication .
 Mincoin Tools is a crypto-currency mining pool where users combine their processing power to solve blocks to receive coins . The Mincoin Tool API allows users to make calls to access statistics on the pool . The API allows users to see the block dificulty , block count , hash rate , btc price , USD price , the trading mnc , trading btc , and the current date . The API uses REST calls and returns JSON and JSONP . An account is required with service .
 The CoinMarketCap Public API is a limited set of 4 endpoints that is RESTful JSON services that is provided as a free service for personal and academic use . This includes services for ; Global Data , Ticker , Specific Currency and Listings . This API will be taken offline on December 4th , 2018 . Please refer to the CoinMarketCap Professional API for future options . CoinMarketCap is cryptocurrency market cap rankings , charts , and more .
 Auric Systems International is a PCI compliant solutions provider that produces payment transaction processing applications from cryptographic key management to tokenized credit card storage.The PaymentVault API , provided by Auric Systems , allows users to integrate merchant shops with the PaymentVault service . PaymentVault Tokenization provides off-site data storage for tokenized credit card account numbers and separate bulk storage of encrypted credit card information from the cardholder's personally identifiable information . The API uses JSON-RPC , and account is required with service .
 Mercado-Bitcoin is an Argentine bitcoin exchange that provides trade quotes in pesos and bitcoin . The Mercado-Bitcoin API allows users to make calls to get the Last Trade , last average price , mtgox price listings , fiat currency exchange rates , and other data . The API uses REST calls and can return XML , JSON , and CSV . An account is required with service .
 Payza is a global online payment platform that enables consumers and businesses to send and receive money instantly . The Payza API provides a developer interface for interacting with this platform . The API is able to send individual or mass payments , refund transactions , cancel subscriptions , and to return merchant and consumer data .
 BlueTarp Financial is a financial services company dedicated to serving building supply dealers in the U.S. BlueTarp provides a transaction authorization API that developers can integrate into their own websites or systems in order to support transaction processing through BlueTarp . Supported transactions may include sale , credit , void , deposit hold , and deposit collection transactions .
 Bahaquote is an invoicing and expensing service that provides users with access to online invoicing , expense monitoring , mobile access , email marketing , and other features . The Bahaquote platform can be integrated into third party applications and used for automation using the Bahaquote API . The API allows users to complete transactions online , update billing information , send quotes and invoices in a systematic manner through an automated process . An account is required with service .
 The DSN is based on a monthly transmission of personal data of employees , automated payroll software , after payroll , via a single reception point responsible for allocating data to the recipients . The DSN public API provides access to social statements in France .
 FraudAssets is an online BIN database service that is designed to help card merchants identify and eliminate fraud risks from their business . The service manages a database of bank card data , and amalgamates information from a wide number of contributors and card handlers to maintain a comprehensive and accessible credit card fraud prevention tool . The FraudAssets API uses REST calls , returns XML , and allows users to submit BINs and get back the company information with which to verify the transaction . An account is required with service and an API Key is required for use .
 LawfulBank is a group of individuals focused on ending debt slavery for the average person . The LawfulBank API allows users to make calls to get lists of friends , get mail , get notifications , and get lists of users . The API uses REST calls and returns JSON . SSL is used for authentication when communicating with the API server .
 NYSE Technologies market data is a financial information provides live data across a variety of exchanges . The NYXdata API provides users access to data subsets they are interested in . Users can access real-time and historical data , reduces time for deployment / building of front end applications , functions as a spot check for price validation , and eases integration of back testing requirements . An account is required with service .
 Financial-Sanctions is a financial information verification service that helps U.K. based companies comply with government and FCA regulations . The company offers to check existing clients against HMT's list , check new clients prior to providing any services or transactions , check for updates to the HMT list , verify any changes to your clients' details , and do regular repeat checks on existing and potential clients . The Financial-Sanctions API allows users to submit checks for FCA compliance remotely . The service is restricted to 1000 calls per day .
 The Nordea FX API enables developers to execute FX transactions from their own systems . Access to the API is granted on a case-by-case basis to corporations , hedge funds , banks , brokers , and individual developers . This API will be coming soon . Documentation is not yet available . This API is provided by Nordea Markets , an international capital markets operator and investment banking partner located in the Nordic region .
 Treasury.io us a United States Treasury information provider that makes the data reported by the treasury on a daily basis readily available . The Treasury.io API provides users with access to the treasury's Operating Cash Balance , Deposits and Withdrawals , Public Debt Transactions , Adjustment of Public Dept Transactions to Cash Basis , Debt Subject to Limit , Federal Tax Deposits , Short-term Cash Investment , and Income Tax Refunds Issued . The API uses REST calls and returns JSON .
 tradeMONSTER is an online financial trading platform . It provides two APIs for programmatically accessing its resources and functions : the XML API and the FIX API . The XML API is designed to let tradeMONSTER customers create their own desktop applications . The FIX ( Financial Information eXchange protocol ) API lets users send and receive transactions by connecting their own computer system to tradeMONSTER's backend . Detailed documentation is available upon request .
 ionDESK is a trading workspace designed with comprehensive tools for multiple types of financial instrument traders . Users can practice trading against live market data . The site also offers tools like backtesting with optimization and automated trading . The ionDESK API provides integrate-able tools for developers to build and deploy trading solutions that work within ionDESK . An account is required with service .
 BinDB is a bank identification number database that helps businesses identify credit and debit cards . The BINDB is widely used for fraud protection and credit card payment processing . BinDB provides a flexible API solutions to query the Issuer Identificaton Number database . An account is required to use the API .
 PriceMyLoan serves the mortgage lending industry by providing loan pricing and underwriting services online as a service . The PriceMyLoan API allows users to integrate the mortgage processing service into third party applications . The API can returns a variety of data formats , and an account is required with service .
 Liteapi.org is a crypto-currency facilitator that provides resources to utilize or incorporate litecoin payment into merchant applications . The Liteapi.org API allows users to receive payments , get exchange rates , access the blockchain , and make other calls . The API also allows users to build apps that utilize litecoin , or add litecoin functionality to existing applications . The API uses REST calls , returns JSON , and uses SSL for authentication .
 DogeAPI is an API for the use of the crypto-currency Dogecoin built around the popular doge meme . The DogeCoin API allows users to build payment processing into merchant websites . The API includes calls to get a balance , withdraw funds , get a new address , get a user address , get an address received , get address by label , get difficulty , and get current block . The API uses REST calls and both SSL and an API key for authentication .
 GoCoin is an international payment platform that allows users to send and accept crypto-currencies as payment within merchant shops and other organizations . The GoCoin API uses REST calls , returns JSON , and allows users to make calls to interact with account data , deposit addresses , invoices , merchants , merchant users , merchant payout addresses , and users . An account is required with service , and OAuth and SSL are used for authentication .
 TrustedCoin is a bitcoin security service that offers to add additional levels of security and authentication to bitcoin storage and transactions . The TrustedCoin API uses REST calls and returns JSON . The API allows users to send alerts to prevent unauthorized transactions , create custom wallets , and add additional layers of security on top of bitcoin wallets and other services . An account is required with service .
 Coinroll is a bitcoin gambling service where users can use bitcoins to wager on a variety of games in hopes of increasing their holdings . The Coinroll API allows users to make calls to create an account , place a bet , request an outstanding balance , withdraw funds , check a deposit status , query a bet , query by a bet ID , and get game information . The API uses REST calls and returns JSON . SSL is used for authentication , and an account is required with service .
 Kibot is a financial markets data provider that provides security and tick data from over 40 years of trade data . The site provides access to US and Canadian stocks , ETF data , indices , forex , and futures . The Kibot API allows users to pull historical trade data from Kibot and integrate it into third party systems . The API uses REST calls . An account is required with service .
 Tagbond is a crypto-currency exchange that allows users to trade in bitcoin and tagcoin using a variety of fiat currencies . Tagbond API allows users to make calls to get ticker information , retrieve trade depth , search trade history , and execute buy and sell trades of the crypto currency . An account is required with service . The API uses REST calls and returns JSON while using SSL for authentication .
 Eve-Central is online marketplace where users can buy and sell goods . The Eve-Central API allows users to query to retrieve aggregate statistics for the items specified within a marketplace , retrieve all of the available market orders , including prices , stations , order IDs , and volumes and make other calls to the site . The API uses REST calls and returns XML or JSON . An account is required with service .
 Currenex is a financial pricing service that offers Executable Streaming Prices ( ESPâ „ ¢ ) , Algorithmic Trading , Benchmark Trading , Request For Streams ( RFS ) , and brokerage functionality with integrated Straight Through Processing ( STP ) . The Currenex API is available through REST calls , returning JSON for many of the functions , and follows the FIX standard . An account is required with service .
 Cex.io is a Bitcoin commodity exchange that that doesn't sell bitcoins , but shares in the equipment used to mine them . Users have ownership shares , and pay a fee for equipment cost and upkeep , and earn bitcoins as the machines produce them . The Cex.io API uses REST calls , returns JSON , and allows users to make queries to execute trades and get pricing information . An account is required with service , and an API key and SSL are used for authentication .
 DogeChain is the official blockchain for Dogecoin , a form of cryptocurrency . The DogeChain API allows developers to retrieve much of the information available on the website via REST calls . For a given address , user's can retrieve validity , amounts sent or received , public key hashes , and version prefixes . Users can also retrieve the current block number , the last solved block's difficulty , the transactions for the last blocks , statistics about difficulty and network power , and the total amount of currency ever mined .
 796 Xchange is a platform for buying and selling Bitcoins . The website also gives members access to Bitcoin mining stocks and MtGox daily / weekly futures . 796 Xchange provides several APIs that return ticker information , market depth , and trade history for BTC Futures , 796Xchange-MRI , ASICMINER-796 , and BTC-DICE-796 . The 796 Xchange also provides API methods for checking the Bitcoin price index history , getting account information , and performing trades .
 Yodlee is a financial service provider that serves banks and financial services firms . The service aims to provide a full financial picture of consumers to optimize sales and solutions to best suit customer needs . The Yodlee Interactive API is a REST based service that allows third-party applications to interact with the Yodlee platform to create and manipulate customer data . The API can be used to categorize transactions , reduce fraud , drive activation , enable new FinApps , and grow a user base . An account is required with service .
 LaCuenta is an invoicing service used to create and manage custom invoices with on computers or iPads . Users can scan products , manage stock and print receipts with the integrated point of sales system . The LaCuenta API uses REST calls , returns JSON , and allows users to get API keys , interact with printers , create documents , create customers , and perform other calls . An account is required with service .
 InvoiceOnline is a an invoicing service designed for small business that also offers a customer database feature . The InvoiceOnline API allows users to integrate the invoicing service into third-party applications . The service uses REST calls and returns JSON . An account is required with service .
 Ronin is a time tracking and invoice service designed for small businesses and freelance workers . Ronin manages clients , projects , invoices and estimates . The RoninApp API provides programmatic access to account data through REST calls and a returns JSON or JSONP . An account is required with service , and SSL is used for authentication .
 Intervals is a project management service that offers time tracking , project management , billing , and other project services . The Intervals API allows users to sync Intervals tasks with another applications , create tasks or add time quickly create graphs or reports based on time entries within a company , create a client overview showing current activity and what is being worked on by whom , and other execute other functions . An account is required with service . The API uses REST calls , and returns XML .
 FXstreet is a global forex information services that monitors markets around the world 24/5 . The site is aimed at traders , analysts , and all financial market followers . The FXstreet Calendar API is an advanced implementation of the calendar application , that users can add to third-party sites , or access sing REST calls . The API returns JSON or XML , and an account is required with service .
 WorldCoin Price Ticker is a free service that provides the current average WorldCoin price . WorldCoin is a cryptocurrency similar to Bitcoin . The Price Ticker website provides the exchange rates between WorldCoin and Bitcoin and between WorldCoin and U.S. dollars . These prices are updated once per minute .
 MobileMinerApp allows users to monitor and control bitcoin , litecoin , and other cryptocurrency mining rigs remotely . The MobileMinerApp API uses REST calls , returns JSON , and allows users to query for mining statistics as well as execute commands to the pool . Users must obtain an API key for use .
 PsychSignal allows users to create a customized list of stock symbols for PsychSignal to monitor using their proprietary sentiment engine . They track the emotions and attitudes of people across the internet towards a company and provide an array of charts , graphs , and statistics designed to show the conditions of both the general market and individual securities at any given time . Users can follow their chosen symbols on their PsychSignal dashboard or get alerts sent to them automatically by email or SMS when conditions change .
 CoinWarz provides users with information on the profitability of various cryptocurrencies that are available for mining or trading . Cryptocurrencies are decentralized digital currencies that rely on principles of cryptography for their creation and transaction validations . CoinWarz brings together information from currency exchanges such as MtGox , BTCe , and mcxNow on its site . The CoinWarz API allows developers to retrieve information from the site in JSON format .
 The Currency Converter API allows users to get exchange rates between over 60 currencies with just 1 line of code . The API provides data with up to ten minutes latency . The service uses REST calls and returns JSON . An account is required with service and the API cost 11 euros / 7 dollars per year for use .
 Feathercoin is a crypto currency similar to others that provide users access to an unregulated market place where savings can be achieved . The Feathercoin API allows users to make calls to get information about the current mining specs , blocks , difficulty , and reward . Users can also make queries to get current exchange rates between feathercoin , fiat currencies , and other crypto currencies . The API uses REST calls and returns JSON .
 YieldBook , provided by Citigroup , is a fixed income analytics system for use in performing analysis and stress testing on fixed income based portfolios . This includes yield calculations , duration , CPR predictions on mortgage backed and other asset backed securities , and other analytics and offerings . The YieldBook API , which returns XML , can integrate into third-party applications and allow users to do Pricing Data Retrieval , Price / Yield Analysis , Option-adjusted measures and rate of return calculations , run Scenario ROR " what if " Analysis , Cash Flow Analysis and perform other functions . An account is required with service .
 emeBTC is a bitcoin and litecoin exchange platform where users can buy , sell , and trade crypto currencies . The emeBTC API uses REST calls , returns JSON , and uses both an API key and SSL for authentication . The API allows users to make calls to get ticker information , check market depth , get currency history , and execute trades . An account is required with service .
 The Slice API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Slice with other applications . Developers need to be familiarized with OAuth 2.0 . For white label integrations , API Keys can be employed . The API returns JSON formatted data .
 Biteasy allows users to search for data on the bitcoin network by block , transaction , or address . The Biteasy Blockchain API provides developers with RESTful methods for reading data from the bitcoin network , enabling them to build their own services based on bitcoin network data . The API is free for non-commercial use ; potential commercial users should contact Biteasy .
 Cryptonit is a crypto-currency market place where users can buy , sell , and exchange bitcoins . The site uses SSL for authentication along with user login . The Cryptonit API uses REST calls and returns JSON or XML . Possible calls include indexing , creating , retrieving , and otherwise manipulating the users bitcoins . An account is required with service .
 TaurusBit is a crypto-currency trading platform that works with bitcoin and litecoins . The site offers 24 hour uptime , an affiliate program , and fees as low as .4 % and with a max of $ 10.00 per trade . The TaurusBit API uses REST calls and returns JSON . Using SSL and an API key for authentication , users can query to get account balances , open orders , make orders , cancel orders , and perform other calls . An account is required with service .
 Paysius is a bitcoin payment service that allows customers to use bitcoins to pay merchants . The service offers zero risk of chargeback or payment reversal of any kind due to the use of bitcoin . The Paysius API uses REST calls and returns JSON . The API allows users to make queries to get new bitcoin addresses , send bitcoins , get bitcoin balances . An account is required with service , and an API key is used for authentication
 TagniFi provides on-demand access to standardized financial statement data with metadata including source transparency and links to SEC filings . Collected filings include 10-K , 10-K / A , 10-Q and 10-Q / A. Data types included annual , quarterly and year-to-date . The TagniFi API allows users to make web API calls to search tags , get filings , get companies , and get transparency . The API returns JSON , an account is required with service , and an API Key and SSL are used for authentication .
 Penny Currency is a universal electronic payment system that allows customers to make purchases , pay bills , send and receive money payments online . Penny Currency provides a REST API that returns JSON or XML , that enable developers to build custom applications , tools , and services that integrate Penny Currency's functions , as well as automate payment systems . An account is required with service .
 CoinSetter is a bitcoin trading service that aims to bring bitcoins into broader markets and make it a known , and often traded , commodity . The site offers a full trading platform with low latency . The CoinSetter API allows users to make queries to get Market Data , Account information , interact with client session , get customer information , get customer addresses , view financial transactions , place orders , and other calls . The API uses REST calls and returns JSON . Through these users can execute trading strategies and perform other account functions .
 BTCjam is a peer-to-peer Bitcoin lending service . The company aims to mae the lending process easily accessible from around the world , where users can choose the interest rate they can afford by listing the loans they want , and lenders and can pick those they wish to lend to . The BTCjam API allows users to query the current listings open for investment . The API uses REST calls , returns JSON , and uses both SSL and OAuth 2.0 for authentication . An account is required with service , and users must register the application that the API us being used in .
 Tradier is a brokerage platform for equity and options trading . It is designed to provide simple , intuitive , and inexpensive ways for users to place trades , check their balances , and transfer money . Tradier provides a RESTful API for accessing the platform's trading functions , account services , and real-time and historical market data .
 ZuluTrade was built to bridge the gap between information and trade execution in money markets and to provide an open environment where currency traders can connect any trading platform and share their knowledge . The ZuluTrading API allows developers to trade programmatically through a RESTful interface . Use requires a ZuluTrade Trader account .
 The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) works to make markets for financial products and services work for Americans through education , enforcement , and study . The CFPBâ € ™ s Consumer Complaint Database catalogues the complaints received about financial products and services . The database consists of a single dataset , while providing multiple views through which to analyze the dataset .
 binlist.net provides public access to a database of IIN / BIN information . Issuer Identification Numbers ( IINs ) , formerly called Bank Identification Numbers ( BINs ) , are composed of the first six digits of a credit card number . An IIN can be used to identify a card's brand , type , category , country of origin , and issuing bank or institution . Users can query the binlist.net database to retrieve this information via REST API .
 Experian is an information services company that serves people in more than 80 countries . The RKI-Register provides a database where Danish businesses can search for bad debt . The database can be used to find information on potential or existing customers and determine the state of their credit , helping companies to avoid financial losses and bad debt . The website and all documentation are provided exclusively in Danish .
 ICanBuy provides mortgage rate information collected by Informa Research Services . Users can search for rates by location , type of home , credit rating , and more . ICanBuy is useful both to people looking to buy a home and people looking to refinance . The advertised rates on ICanBuy are submitted by the lenders and brokers , and the actual rates may vary from the projected quote on the site .
 Billogram is cloud based invoicing service that allows small businesses to easily keep track of their cash flow . The service provides real time information about incoming payments as well as the status of invoices .
 Pactas is a subscription billing solution that provides recurring billing , invoicing and contract management services . Pactas helps businesses manage subscriptions and memberships , track payments and design complex pricing models .
 The Fundpeak API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Fundpeak with other applications . The API provides access to individual fields , statistics , portfolios , and charts . Public documentation is not available ; interested developers should email info@fundpeak.com for API access .
 BeansBooks is a cloud-based accounting service for small and medium sized businesses . The service tracks financial data and progress to make report creation and generations easier . The service also facilitates year end reporting and tax preparation . The BeansBooks API allows users to source entries and vendor information from other related applications . The API can also automate accounting tasks like account creations . The API includes calls for getting account , customer , tax , setup , and vendor information . The services uses REST calls and returns JSON . An API key is required for access .
 The Open Bank Project provides an open source developer friendly API for banks that enables financial institutions to quickly and securely enhance their digital offerings . Developers can use the OBP API to build innovative applications and services that help account holders interact with banks based on their transaction data . OBP uses a secure , enterprise ready technology stack and supports secure Internet protocols such as OAuth .
 The Plaid API allows developers to integrate transaction and account data from most major financial institutions into third party applications . The data includes merchant names , street addresses , geo-coordinates , categories , and other info . The API uses REST calls and returns JSON . An account is required with service .
 New York City provides programmatic access and feeds to the financial data that flows through The Office of the Comptroller . The Checkbook NYC API allows users to make REST calls to return a maximum of 1000 records . The API allows access to Budgets , Contracts , Payroll , Revenue , and Spending . The API returns data in XML format .
 Birdback is an app platform for payment cards providing a card-linked loyalty solution for financial institutions and the development opportunity for apps that consumers can add to their payment cards to be executed at the point of sale . Potential uses could include digital receipt generation , social network check-ins , or rewards . Birdback access is through a RESTful API supporting the development of card-linked applications .
 Quaderno allows business owners to manage their invoices , expenses , and cost estimates from one online location . Users can create highly personalized invoices that can be designed to be sent out once or on a recurring basis . Quaderno also provides functions for analyzing income statements , calculating taxes , and creating customized reports . Users retain complete control over their information and can export it at any time . Information stored with Quaderno can be accessed by its owners via REST API .
 Inputs.io is a secure payment service that allows users to store use Bitcoins for payment . The service uses two factor authentication for security and is designed to enable users to get a wallet and start utilizing it with speed and ease . The Inputs.io API uses REST calls , returns JSON , and allows users to get balances , get last transactions , send transactions , get transaction details , sign and verify messages , and generate / redeem vouchers . An account is required with service .
 The Crunch REST API allows developers to integrate data and services from Crunch into third-party applications . The API documentation covers supplier , expense and client service endpoints . Responses are returned in XML .
 CoinJar is a digital currency wallet that aims to bridge the gap between fiat and alternative currencies . The CoinJar Exchange Data API provides real-time and historical public market data .
 TÃ ¼ rk Telekom Group is a fixed line , mobile , and internet service provider based in Turkey . Their Investor Relations website is designed to provide information to current and potential investors and includes the company's financial and operational information , regulatory disclosures , and more .
 The website's My Bookmarks & Notes feature allows users to bookmark pages that they find useful and to record personal notes . The Personal Note API provides programmatic access to these services . Specifically , it allows users to add bookmarks , add or retrieve notes , and rate pages .
 BankImport provides users with a single place to track their financials over several accounts from different banks . The BankImport API allows developers to automatize the processing of incoming and outgoing money , providing direct access to transactions , bank accounts , and settings . The RESTful API returns JSON or XML formatted responses .
 Cryptank is a crypto-currency information service that provides users with information about various currencies across multiple markets and exchanges . The site allows users to search for current exchange price across a broad array of crypto and fiat currencies as they are being used throughout multiple online currency exchanges . The Cryptank Ticker API allows users to query for the current ask price for a specified market , the current bid price , last price , and the the current spread between the bid and the ask price . The API uses REST calls .
 Pool-X is a Litecoin mining service that allows a group of user to share the computing power of multiple computers to solve blocks of Litecoins . The users then split the coins that are generated form solving the block and can sell them or trade them for other currencies . The Pool-X API allows users to query for the name of the pool being mined , check a hash rate , check workers , share this round , get info on the last block , as well as query for info about individual mining statistics . The services uses REST calls and returns JSON . An API key is required with service .
 Crypto-Change is a crypto-currency exchange service that provides a market place for the trade of online currencies , trading bots so users can schedule and automate certain functions , and is aiming to create the largest mining pool on the internet . The Crypto-Change API allows users to make queries to get current trade balances , and in selected currencies , get order types , amounts , currencies , prices , release , delete , read , cancel , and execute orders , and several other calls . The API uses REST calls and returns XMl or JSON .
 LocalBitcoin is a Bitcoin site that facilitates the purchase , sale , and trading of Bitcoins with nearby people . The site services over 244 countries and enables the private and secure trade of the crypto-currency . The LocalBitcoin API allows users to automate routine tasks involved with the maintenance of advertisements and / or trading , or create applications that utilize the LocalBitcoin service that can earn the user money . The service uses REST calls and returns JSON . The API requires an API key and uses OAuth 2 for authentication .
 Crypto-Trade is a trading platform that allows users to trade crypto-currencies for U.S. Dollars Euros , and other alternative currencies . The Crypto-Trade API allows users to make queries to get currency tickers , market depth , account balance information , transaction count , API permissions , trade history , order history , transaction history , and order information as well as execute trades and cancel orders . The API uses REST calls , returns JSON , and uses both SSL and requires an API key .
 CoinChoose tracks various statistics across a wide variety of crypto-currencies . The site provides charts as well a comparison of the basket of currencies against both Bitcoin and Litecoin . The CoinChoose API makes the statistics for each currencies available through REST calls . The API returns JSON .
 FinData is a company that provides financial information services to personal investors . The company is working on becoming a global information resource , and its information covers both local and international stock markets . The FinData API enables users to retrieve information from the site using SOAP calls . Available information includes stock symbols , stock quotes , and exchange rates .
 The Dubai Financial Market ( DFM ) is a public institution that operates as a secondary market for trading securities , bonds , investment funds , and other financial instruments . The DFM provides the Ticker Data API , which allows users to retrieve ticker data from the site using SOAP calls issued in XML format . The DFM website is provided in English .
 CME Group provides futures and options trading services to help investors manage their risk . One of their services is CME ConfirmHub , which allows users to send trades to multiple firms over a single connection and in a standard format . It also provides electronic access to brokered trades and CME-cleared transactions . These functions can be accessed programmatically using the CME ConfirmHub SOAP API .
 The Eligius API allows users to retrieve data on pool miners' earnings and balances , the amount of shares available , payouts , and user output via REST calls .
 CrowdBouncer is a service that's designed to bring equity crowdfunding portals into compliance with the JOBS Act and to provide backend closing services . While many of CrowdBouncer's resources are ready for implementation , some are still waiting on the finalization of rules by the SEC ( Securities and Exchange Commission ) . Crowdbouncer's functions are accessible programmatically using REST calls in XML or JSON .
 TheRockTrading is an EU based virtual currency exchange platform that allows users to trade bitcoins , lindens and other virtual currencies using Euros and US Dollars . The site also issues and tracks different virtual currencies funds that issue dividends , and provides traders with insurance . TheRockTrading API operates using REST calls , returns JSON or JSONP , and can make queries to check the order book , obtain trade tickers , and obtain latest trades . An account is required with service .
 Tradery is a site for developing environments for the creation , trial , and implementation of trading systems . The service provides position sizing options , over 130 technical indicators , stock screeners , back testers , and many other features . The Tradery API allows provides users with the ability to integrate with third party sites , automate trader sessions , do trade system optimization , forward analysis , automate brokerage account trading , and other functions . An account is required with service , and the API uses REST calls .
 BTCData monitors and records all Bitcoin transactions and public payment addresses used in transactions . Developers can retrieve information and statistics on Bitcoin transactions programmatically using the RESTful BTCData API . This can be used to get information on whether a transaction has confirmed , whether someone has sent the user a payment recently , the total amount of Bitcoins paid to a given address , and more .
 Btct.co , BTC Trading Corp , is a stock exchange service that allows users to buy shares in a virtual currency stock exchange . The site provides users with an avenue to buy or sell shares that have been issued in virtual currency companies , issue shares , deposit and withdraw cash , and create assets . The API uses REST calls and allows users to query for assets and market data , ticker data , order book data , contract info , all trade data , trade history , and dividend history . An account is required with service and API keys and SSL are used for authentication .
 FxSpyder is a forex trading service that provides users access to backtesting and trading robots . The FxSpyder API allows users to develop custom automated trading systems with commercial trading accounts , multi-user managed accounts , and personal retail accounts . The API is designed to communicate uniformly with the assorted brokers forex APIs so that code only needs to be written once . The API uses JavaScript , and an account is required with service .
 Wolverine Executions Services ( WEX ) provides a trading platform for users to securely and anonymously trade options , futures , and equities through a electronic trading platform , floor access , brokerage desks , or algorithms . The WEX API allows users to place orders manage positions , and create complex trading strategies . The API uses the FIX protocol for secure financial transactions . An account is required with service .
 AvaFX is a forex trading platform that allows users to open practices accounts to try out trading risk-free , as well as trade with millisecond speed , 24-hour quotes for currencies , trading in CFDs , commodities , metals , and stock indices , leverage trading up to 200:1 , and other financial operations . The AvaFX API allows users to integrate the AvaFX trade platform into third-party software . The API allows users to automate certain functions including : trade requests , stop-loss , take-profit , and order entry , access to trading history , access to current market data , and testing .
 AlphaPoint is a New York based digital currency exchange that offers its users a trading platform with cold storage , and the capacity to implement high-frequency trading strategies among other features . The AlphaPoint API allows users to create an account , get user IDs from a cell phone number , verify a phone number , log in , log out , create and cancel orders , get instruments , get public trade logs , and several other calls . The service uses REST calls and returns JSON . An account with service is required and SSL and API tokens are used for authentication .
 Litecoin Global is an online exchange that allows users to buy or issue stocks in virtual currency companies . The site operates entirely on Litecoin which users must purchase from exchanges or mine themselves . The LitecoinGlobal API allows users to query for lists of all assets and market data , ticker data for a specific asset , order book data , contract data , all trades on the site , trade history , dividends , as well as full account and portfolio information . The services uses REST calls and can return JSON or CSV .
 The Rapaport Group provides knowledge-based information services supporting the development of free , fair , efficient , competitive , and profitable diamond and jewelry markets . Their primary websites are Diamonds.net , RapNet.com , and Rapaport Auctions .
 The Rapaport Price List API provides access to Rapaport price sheets , price changes , and specific prices . The API is available as a SOAP web service and as HTTP POST calls . XML and JSON formatted responses are supported .
 Quantopian is a algorithmic trading platform that was developed for investors and statisticians to build , test , and execute different trading strategies . The site provides 11 years of US equity data for uses to back test trading strategies . The Quantopian API allows users to check the trade log , view orders , get open orders , get orders , cancel orders , check portfolio positions , and call for snapshots of portfolios . The service uses SOAP calls .
 Unocoin aims to be a centralized location for all Bitcoin information . It provides lists of forums , news , mining technology , Bitcoin wallets , and other information . The The Unocoin API allows users to display payment instructions on a merchant site , receive notification with payment and status , submit an order in over 30 currencies , and receive payouts to bank accounts in 9 countries . The API is based on JSON , an account is required with service .
 Bitcoin-Status is a site that monitors the uptime of the major bitcoin exchanges , wallets , and other services . The site monitors if they are online , if they have had downtime in the last 24 hours , last 60 minutes , or currently . They also provide charting of up & downtime , reaction time , and loading time . The Bitcoin-Status API provides users free access to the data feeds for all of the tracked exchanges and service sites . Users can get the data in XML , JSON , or ARR .
 Takasbank is Turkish bank that , in addition to regular banking functions , provides settlement and custody services relating to capital market and stock exchange regulations . Takasbank users can retrieve information from the site and perform banking functions programmatically via SOAP API . The Takasbank website is provided in both Turkish and English .
 HashRack is a Bitcoin mining service that provides users with charts , real-time updates , giveaways , and decentralized mining technology . The HashRack API allows users to query for the status of the API , the mining pool stats , the user status , the user rewards , the user transactions , and the worker status . The API uses REST calls and returns JSON . An account and API key is required with service .
 Influence Explorer provides site visitors with extensive and detailed information on campaign contributions , lobbying reports , grants , and more . This data is available raw or in the form of charts , graphs , and Top 10 lists . The Influence Explorer API allows users to retrieve this information programmatically using REST calls .
 Pin Payments is a multi-currency payment system that accepts payment from an Visa or MasterCard debit or credit card both locally and internationally . The service operates without requiring a merchant account or an extensive process for application . The Pin Payments API uses REST calls and returns JSON . SSL is required for use , and a unique API key is required for each service endpoint .
 Tradervue is a journaling and analytics tool for active equity traders . Users can track trades , quantify trading performance , and share trades with the Tradervue community . The Tradervue API provides developers with a RESTful interface for importing trade data . Authentication takes place via HTTP Basic Authentication over SSL . Responses are JSON formatted .
 SpotPrices.biz is a web service providing price data for gold , silver and other metals , as well as currency rates . The SpotPrices.biz API provides developer access to price data . The API is accessed via HTTP POST calls . SpotPrices.biz provides a limited free API or unlimited access through a paid membership .
 MangoPay is a full-stack payment platform for accepting online payments and managing e-money . It gives users the ability to create e-wallets , transfer money between e-wallets , allow group payments , hold escrow funds , and collect fees in a variety of ways . MangoPay provides advanced payment features such as recurring payments , single-click payments , and refunds on cards . The platform accepts payments from more than 150 countries in the local currencies . MangoPay's functions can be accessed programmatically via REST API .
 The Ftsee API can be used to retrieve low-level data and get alerts when there is unusual activity surrounding a security . It also provides real-time social analytics that include sentiment , volume , and trends for major securities and foreign exchange rates .
 CGI is a company that provides a variety of business IT services . One such service is the web-based Insurance Information Services API , which enables clients to view the claim history of a driver and all of their policies . Information is retrieved based on the driver's license . This service is accessible via SOAP calls issued in XML format .
 Eclipse MC is a Bitcoin mining consortium that allows users to unite their processing power to mine Bitcoins at a greater rate than they would individually . The available calls can be retrieved through the API , but include queries to get the pools statistical information , user information , and block information . The API uses REST calls , and returns JSON . An account is required with service , an API key will be generated when an account is created . SSL and the API key are used for authentication .
 BTC to X is a currency rate calculator that converts Bitcoins into other currencies , and other currencies into Bitcoins . The BTC to X API allows users to make calls that calculate the exchange from Bitcoins , to Bitcoins , and return the weighted average price to and from Bitcoin across different time periods . The API uses REST calls and returns JSON .
 Knight Hotspot FX is an online trading platform that offers a matching engine and all related systems to provide trade executions , confirmations , and real-time trade information . The Knight Hotspot FX API allows market data snapshots using its Java API and its FIX Bookfeed API , as well as allowing users to execute trades and post-trade information calls . An account is required with service .
 MDW is based on the Municipal Infrastructure Data Standard ( MIDS ) . Combined with MDWâ € ™ s non-proprietary database , it allows users to take ownership of their data and make it available for integration with third party software applications . Integration is accomplished using a SOAP API , which allows users to retrieve information from MDW , save information to MDW , perform remote electronic data collection , and more .
 Finotec is a London-based forex broker that that offers electronic trading , voice trading , and deliverable forex , on the FinotecPro and MT4 trading systems . The Finotec API gives users access to more than 20 bank feeds , a high-speed , multi-bank FIX gateway , and many other features . An account is required with service .
 Young Belfius ( known as " Belfius Jong " in Dutch or " Belfius Jeunes " in French ) is a Belgian financial institution that provides products and services to individuals younger than 25 to help them with the daily management of their money . It provides services and information for creating a budget , saving money , getting loans , etc . The Belfius API allows users to access the website's services programmatically via SOAP calls . The Belfius website can be viewed in either Dutch or French .
 CitiFXpro is a forex trading service provided by Citibank . CitiFXpro provides account and trade access in real-time through the desktop software , a web interface , and a mobile service . The CitiFXpro API uses automated feeds for execution and a pricing model based on volume . The service uses an FIX protocol . Part of the TradeStream service , the API documentation is not publicly available .
 InTrade is a prediction market that allows users to buy or sell shares in future events . The service creates a market for events ranging from closing prices on exchanges , to the outcomes of elections . The InTrade API has a data retrieval side and a Trading side . With the former the user can check present and historic market data on events . With the latter , the user can check individual data , enter orders , check account balances , and other trading related functions . The API uses REST calls and returns XML data with no wrappers .
 SaxoBank A / S is a licensed Danish Bank that enables institutional clients to trade multiple asset classes on the same platform . The site offers extensive information on the trading technologies and platforms provided as well as a live API pricing demo that allows users to place trades in different strategies and determine the API related cost . The Open API allows users to trade FX , Commodities , indices , CFDs , CFD DMA , stocks , and futures . An account is required with service . The API operates over VPN and uses SAML2 for security .
 OptionHouse is an online trading platform that aims to give its customers an edge through delivering low prices , high speed platform and execution , and low trading prices . The OptionsHouse API allows users to perform calls for authentication , quotes , order preview , order creation , order modification , order cancellation , order status , account positions , account details , account activity , and account cash . The API uses REST calls and returns JSON .
 The Dubai Financial Market ( DFM ) is a public institution that operates as a secondary market for trading securities , bonds , investment funds , and other financial instruments . The DFM provides an API that allows users to retrieve market summary data using SOAP calls issued in XML format . The DFM website is provided in English .
 SutiExpense is a web-based solution designed to make managing and tracking expenses easier for both employees and managers . It can be configured to meet the expense reporting needs for businesses of all sizes . By automating the reporting process , SutiExpense speeds approvals and eliminates errors . It also provides analytical dashboards for understanding spending patterns .
 SutiExpense provides a real-time accounting data API that allows information from SutiExpense to be integrated with other applications . This feature is mentioned in the site's comparison of software edition features , but detailed documentation is not publicly available .
 StrategYard is an investment strategy trial service that allows individuals to test and evaluate potential investment strategies in a simulated environment . The site allows users to work create , test , and delete multiple strategies , see performance metrics and charts , and automate trading strategies . The StrategYard API is a REST based service that returns XML . With it , users can login , get strategies , open position , execute trades , get pending orders , delete strategies , logout , and several other commands .
 Astutepayroll.com handles the payroll and timekeeping for businesses around the world , and offers a 99.9 % uptime guarantee . The astutepayroll.com API can be used to integrate the astutepayroll.com application with third-party applications and data . The API also provide mechanisms that enable the user to customize the astutepayroll.com user interface with custom components and validations . An account is required with service . Documentation is not publicly available .
 PaymentEvolution is a secure online payroll service aimed at small and mid-sized businesses in Canada . The PaymentEvolution Payroll API supports calculations from simple federal / provincial deductions through to more complex custom benefits and earnings . Common API requests include simple deduction calculations based on current tax tables-users can input a standard set of variables to receive the calculated result , custom deductions , benefits and earnings-to extend the API to include any number of custom calculations . An account is required with service .
 KeyPay is a cloud-based payroll and accounting service for Australian employers . The service allows users to make automate simple functions , allows them the flexibility to configure the system , and integrate the services with other applications . The KeyPay YourPayroll API allows users to query for a list of businesses , locations , work types , employees , time sheets , pay categories , and other payroll information . The API uses REST calls and returns JSON . An account is required with service and authentication is preformed using SSL and API keys .
 LeadFusion is a financial experience management solutions service that helps financial institutions build relationships and brand loyalty . The API allows users to exercise full design control over tool calculation inputs and output interfaces . Decouple the financial tool interface from tool calculation and educator content . Embed financial tool functionality into environments such as mobile devices , e-commerce platforms , financial planning applications , and emerging media such as digital television and on-line or interactive video .
 Mlcalc.com provides mortgage and loan calculators to assist users in determining the expense of loan and mortgage obligations . The site includes a mortgage rate finder , website promotion tools , and mortgage widgets . The mortgage loan calculator API allows users to embed a payment calculator into user websites and applications . User must specify the desired loan parameters in the appropriate calculator form and click generate the code .
 PowerOptions is an online options information and trading site that allows traders to do research and execute trades . The PowerOptions API allows users to do account management , create pre-defined search reports , perform custom searches , advanced stock chains , quick finds , request stock and option quotes , historical option quotes , and do a long option finder . The API uses REST or SOAP and returns XML .
 The service provides accounts payable functionality to be integrated with financial and accounting software such as Xero , FreeAgent , KashFlow , ClearBooks or Sage 50 . It documents payment liabilities pending and already processed , with scheduling of payable due dates , payment approvals , and online tracking of expenses by category . Accounts receivable functionality helps with tracking of payments due , including invoicing and automatic generation of email to remind suppliers .
 The service provides financial functions and account management for applications used by customers to interact with the French bank . Functionality helps developers to register with the provider's CAS Store repository to display applications for smartphones and allow users to install them on their own devices . The service allows developers to implement credit card account management and other banking functions .
 Debitsuccess is a full-service direct debit initiator that provides billing services to over 1200 clients throughout Australasia . The company's APIs enable users to create a seamless interface between websites or software and the Debitsuccess Total Billing Solution .
 The service provides calculations of standard financial ratios and other measures based on input provided by a user or application . Examples include projected growth of a retirement or other savings account , how long before retirement goals are met assuming specified regular savings , etc . Calculations are specific to the Australian financial environment and reflect government policies for superannuation , account splitting , and other practices specific to retirement accounts .
 API methods support calculation of savings plan contributions needed to meet specific monetary and time-based retirement goals . Methods also provide for government co-contributions , splitting contributions between accounts , superannuation effects , and current income sacrificed by retirement savings plans .
 The service reports on holdings and purchases of U.S. Treasury securities by the New York Federal Reserve Bank as part of its role in implementing U.S. currency supply policy . It provides data updated weekly either for batch download or for real-time access via a web service . Applications can access this authoritative data for selected time periods starting in 2003 .
 The service provides data used in and derived by the provider's online inflation calculators . It allows research about inflation over time in Russia and analysis of its effect on prices and buying power within the country . Formats for accessing data include tables and charts summarizing inflation over time and web services that provide the same data for use by other applications .
 API methods support calculation of inflation within Russia for specified time periods and raw price changes driven by inflation . Methods also provide changes in purchasing power of the Ruble for specified time period .
 The PCI-compliant service provides online payment processing to merchants across Europe and South Africa via several different methods suited to different sets of needs and merchant capabilities . Methods range from payment buttons directing buyers to the provider's interface through white-label options to full API integration of credit and debit card processing . Available payment options support subscription payments with recurring invoicing and highly secure options with fraud prevention .
 Webteh is Croatian based ISO / MSP / PSP registered and licensed for differnet banks in Croatia , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Montenegro with presence in UK for EU based Merchants ( Webteh LTD ) and USA ( Webteh Inc. ) for USA based Merchants . The company provides WebPay , a PCI-compliant , secure payment processing via a white-label hosted interface or full integration based on its REST API . Transactions are resolved through global payment networks such as Visa and MasterCard / Maestro using registered merchant accounts and buyer profiles . Available services include transaction status inquiries , refunds , and scheduled installment payments .
 The service from Germany provides payment processing for small amounts of money , especially suited to fees for software downloads , content access , and other inexpensive online services . It consolidates functions for conventional debit and credit card charges as well as payments triggered by phone calls or other interactions with mobile devices along with selective disbursement of prepaid account balances . Sellers register accounts with the service , but buyers need not create accounts to submit payments .
 Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation ( APEC ) is a securities retailer that caters to both businesses and individuals . The APEC website provides both online financial information and trading capabilities . Their API provides a programmatic method through which users can make orders and payments , set and manage alerts , and retrieve financial information of all kinds . The APEC website is offered in both Vietnamese and English .
 The Georgia Revenue Service is a part of the Ministry of Finance that supports businesses in Georgia and manages the tax system . The Revenue Service also provides the WayBill API , which enables users to create , manage , and retrieve waybills online . A waybill is a document that gives details and instructions relating to the shipment of goods . It usually shows the names of the consignor and consignee , the point of origin for the shipment , its destination , and its route . Users can access the WayBill API using SOAP calls issued in XML format . The Georgia Revenue Service website is provided in both Georgian and English .
 The service from the United Nations Office for Coordination of Humanitarian Aid provides tools for tracking appeals for aid and flows of financial resources in response . It is part of the UN's program for prioritizing needs documented by humanitarian workers embedded in communities in need throughout the world . The tracking system accepts appeal documents generated and makes them available to agencies of member states and other partners to consider possible funding . The FTS then records funding provided to meet such needs and its disbursement .
 API methods support management of lists of aid appeals and projects requesting funding , including status as ongoing or emergency efforts , along with organizatoins and countries both requesting and providing aid . Methods also record both pledges made and funding provided by donor organization , date , amount , and recipient . The API generates data in the format recognized by the International Aid Transparency Initiative ( IATI ) .
 The service provides of online submission of reports and payments of franchise taxes due to the state government of Texas . It employs a data schema used by the MeF XML e-file service of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) including compliance with TIGERS standards for exchanges of tax data , which are also endorsed by the IRS .
 The Xchangeonline API provides developers with currency conversion functionality and currency rounding functionality . All exchange rates are kept current . Developers simply call the API specifying the function ( conversion or rounding ) , amount of money , the current currency , the desired currency value , and the API key giving them access to the service . The API then returns the value of the money in the currency desired . It also supports a wide variety of development platforms and over 100 different currencies .
 The Super Fund Lookup website provides access to publicly available information about super funds that have an ABN ( Australian Business Number ) . Such information includes the complying status and contact details for a fund . Interested parties can search for super funds directly from the website using the web interface or programmatically using the SOAP-based API . The web interface lets users search for a super fund by name or ABN , while the API currently lets users search by ABN only .
 EurotaxGlass is a leading provider of data , solutions , and business intelligence services for the European automotive community . They provide the Valuation API , which enables users to determine the value of a car based on information such as the country in which the vehicle is located , its condition , and its mileage . This service is programmatically accessible using SOAP calls issued in XML format .
 The Home Warranty Premium Calculator is a tool provided by the New South Wales ( NSW ) Home Warranty Insurance Fund for use by builders , owner-builders , and homeowners . This tool calculates the total premium payable , including Stamp Duty , GST , and broker commission for any project type and value up to $ 1 million . For projects over $ 1 million , an' indicative only' price is quoted . The Home Warranty Premium Calculator can be accessed directly through the website or programmatically via SOAP API .
 The service provides access to and interaction with the provider's suite of online accounting tools . It allows for integration of accounting functionality with other applications such as e-commerce and vendor management tools to automatically book financial transactions such as sales revenues with resulting receivables and invoices with resulting payables . Reporting functions generate standard accounting statements according to generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) .
 The service provides data indicating supply and demand conditions and resulting price projections in world energy markets , including crude oil , refined petroleum , natural gas , and other resources . It also provides estimates of transportation capacity and rates of usage , which affect delivery of energy products to market . Applications can make use of authoritative indicators of market fundamentals , compiled and analyzed for compatibility in reporting and graphic displays .
 API methods provide data streams for specified time ranges , markets , and energy products cached for 10-minute intervals . Methods allow selection of data sources and data types along with tags applied by the service to distinguish groups of data points .
 TaqTiqa is a streaming data delivery network that provides historical and current ticker and quote data to traders and hedge funds . The Taqtiqa API provides a hypermedia based REST based service that is a single entry point describing available resources . The service returns JSON and uses HTTP Basic Auth over SSL and API Tokens for security .
 The service from IntercontinentalExchange provides data about market transactions and trends from global markets in commodity futures contracts , over-the-counter ( OTC ) stock issues , and derivative securities such as option contracts . It reports on market transactions and clearinghouse exchanges from North America , Europe , and countries in other regions . It sets benchmark values and calculates indexes in many industries ( e.g. , energy and agriculture ) as well as foreign exchange ( forex ) markets and equities .
 Cursor d.o.o. is a Slovenian IT company that has created an online fiscalization service in response to the new Croatian Fiscalization Law . In this case , fiscalization refers to cash transactions fiscalization , which is used to provide an overview of cash transaction revenues for taxation purposes . The Fiscalization Service allows uniform communication between taxpayers and the Tax Administration . The Cursor d.o.o. Fiscalization Service API uses SOAP calls issued in XML format .
 The service provides historical exchange rates for selected currency pairs using data from the U.S. Federal Reserve System and the European Central Bank ( ECB ) . It can provide either current exchange rates or values in effect on specified dates starting in 1971 . Exchange rates are available for more than 170 world currencies .
 API methods support retrieval of the latest exchange rate for a specified pair of currencies . Methods also provide a historical rate for a pair of currencies on a specified date or a range of exchange rates in effect between specified start and end dates .
 Using the Redtail CRM API , you can manage contacts , addresses , notes , accounts , calendars , settings and more . REST based , with returns in JSON , and GET and PUT as supported methods .
 Zeevex is a virtual currency sold on gift cards in retailers across the USA , and designed to be used for online games and other digital content . The Zeevex Game Wallet provides a RESTful interface for merchants to interact directly with purchase requests .
 The service provides a hosted platform for configurable , standards-compliant financial accounting functions with capabilities for integration with Salesforce . Configuration options allow designation of custom datatypes suited to specific needs . Context groupings gather financial data related to specific companies or other organizational units .
 ASIROM is a Romanian car insurance company . They provide a SOAP-based API that enables users to retrieve their insurance policies and offers programmatically . This API has little documentation beyond its WSDL endpoint . The ASIROM website is provided solely in Romanian .
 IRESS is an international supplier of share market and wealth management systems . They provide an equity information and trading platform along with an extensive suite of financial planning tools . IRESS clients vary and can range from large corporations to independent operators .
 The SOAP-based IRESS API provides access to market data , order , and portfolio systems , enabling clients to integrate IRESS with their existing solutions .
 The Grants.gov website provides an online portal where visitors may search and apply for federal grants offered by any federal agency . Grants.gov provides system-to-system interoperability in the form of a SOAP API . It provides an automated method for submitting grant applications and is only recommended for applicants submitting a high volume of applications . The API streamlines the application process by eliminating the need to reenter repetitious data on multiple individual application forms .
 The service provides estimates of energy cost and expenditures related to investments in energy efficiency or renewable energy systems . By calculating probable energy bills with and without those investments , it can help demonstrate cost savings and return on the resources invested . Calculations are based in part on utility services available and rates at a location , as well as electrical load profiles .
 API methods support varying procedures for calculating probable electric power bills based on assumptions , including current utility rates , specified in a request . The API gives access to detailed calculations such as hourly load profile , total energy consumption over a period of time , and detailed line items expected in an electric service bill , among others . Methods can adapt and provide estimates based on only partial information .
 OMNIASIG is a Romanian home insurance company that provides online insurance quotes . OMNIASIG insurance can be applied to residences and holiday homes , which may include both houses and apartments . Some structures are excluded from coverage by their component materials . Insurance quotes can be retrieved programmatically using the OMNIASIG SOAP API .
 Landsbankinn offers corporate customers internet banking services along with consultancy services on how to use internet banking to streamline their operations . Landsbankinn's online banking services provide access to all main payment types , as well as extensive access control and maximum security . Users can personalize the appearance of the main page and organize key information to suit their needs .
 Landsbankinn provides SOAP-based programmatic access to its services . The website is provided in both Icelandic and English .
 xbrlGlobalLedger is the developer side of FreeAccountingSoftware . The site provides free accounting software to individuals and business along with free support from actual accountants . The API provides applications with the ability to post accounting information and retrieve xbrl data . Additional features include importing schema data , performing admin functions , and generating XML reporting data such as financial reports . The API uses REST calls , returns XML , and requires OAuth for authentication .
 RazorCloud is a vacation property management service that sources content from its property management service to distribute information and increase revenue for both suppliers and distributors . The RazorCloud API includes a wide range of services including : Get real time availability of properties , get rental prices , access image galleries , create reservations , get financial transactions from the host ledger , and many more . The API has both REST and SOAP components and will return XML and JSON .
 The CMB website is provided in both English and Turkish , but the API documentation is only given in Turkish .
 The Capital Markets Board of Turkey ( CMB ) is the regulatory and supervisory authority in charge of the securities markets in Turkey . The Mutual Funds Portfolio Values API provides basic mutual funds information , including funding amounts , number of shares , number of investors , asset values , asset allocation , and unit price data . Information is provided for all mutual funds portfolios in Turkish markets .
 The CMB website is provided in both English and Turkish , but the API documentation is only given in Turkish .
 CIC Credit is a mortgage credit reporting service that also deals with single bureau infiles , dual merger credit reports , trimerge credit reports , as well as many other credit and tax related services . The CIC Credit API pulls and stores credit data from credit data reports like Experian , Equifax , and TransUnion then merges it and delivers it into web applications and software for use in making lending decisions and reporting purposes . The API uses REST calls and will return in HTML , XML , or PDF . Data is secured using SSL .
 The service provides lookup access to a database of employer identification numbers ( EINs ) and related information for over 16 million suppliers doing business with U.S. companies . It allows for verification of tax reporting accounts for vendors , contractors , and suppliers to allow compliance with payment reporting requirements . Search options allow either individual or batch lookup to retrieve EIN values or verify those supplied by vendors .
 API methods support search against a database of tax-paying companies with returned data specifying EIN or Tax ID number , primary industry SIC code , phone and fax numbers , and verified addresses . The API also provides operating information like the year the company started , its employee head-count , and estimates of sales and revenue .
 The service provides rates charged for sales and use taxes by jurisdictions in North America . Available data include tax rates charged and the national and the state or provincial levels , along with applicable county and city rates and portions of shipping and handling balances that are subject to tax .
 API methods support submission of a U.S. Zip Code or Canadian province abbreviation identifying the location of the transaction , either a physical store or the buyer's location for online sales . For U.S. transactions , returned data include the state abbreviation , county name , and city name matching the submitted Zip Code , as well as the general sales and use tax rates for that specific location and total tax due . For Canadian locations , the API returns the province abbreviation and name along with the overall sales tax rate and components for GST , PST , and HST . For all locations , returned data indicate any tax due on shipping and handling .
 The Israeli Airport Authority ( IAA ) is a public corporation responsible for managing air-based travel to , from , and within Israel . The IAA provides the Utilities API , which enables users to retrieve currency tables and other currency-related information using SOAP calls . The IAA website is provided in both Hebrew and English .
 InfoValutar provides information on the exchange rates between foreign currencies and the Romanian leu . This information is supplied by the Banca Nationala a Romaniei ( trans . National Bank of Romania ) .
 This information is available programmatically using the Curs ( trans . Rate ) API . This service is accessible using SOAP calls issued in XML format . The InfoValutar website is provided exclusively in Romanian .
 MSM also provides the Market Summary Data API , which enables developers to programmatically retrieve a summary of Omani market conditions using SOAP calls . The website and API documentation are both provided in English .
 CreditAPI is an API that allows users to access consumer credit data , retrieving it from Experian , Equifax and Transunion . The API can merge credit data that is obtained from the three credit repositories in order to produce a unified view of a borrowerâ € ™ s credit record . Users can also process their credit data and the API will generate specific actions that the borrower can take to improve their credit score . The API uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in XML , TEXT , PDF , HTML and more .
 The service provides estimates of selling prices for homes and other real estate . For a specified property location , it returns a range of values from low to middle to high . It is available as a web form for individual submissions , a series of embeddable widgets , or via web service .
 API methods support specification of a location as a U.S. Postal Service Zip Code . The API returns a median value along with most expensive and least expensive values , based on reported real estate transactions in the area .
 Hosca is a website that offers a number of simple games and services . This includes the BankFinder service , which enables users to locate banks within a selected radius of a given zipcode . This service is available directly on the website or via API . The API operates using SOAP calls issued in XML format .
 The service provides access to data about stocks and other financial assets as well as the companies that issue them . Available data include real-time price quotes for trades on the Borsa Italiana as well as leading international stock exchanges . Data also cover regulatory filings by companies that issue securities and other events such as initial public offerings ( IPOs ) , dividend payments , and shareholder meetings .
 The service provides exchange rates for many currencies worldwide , allowing applications to convert amounts for transactions and to assess risk of changes in exchange rates over time . It is available as a widget to be embedded in HTML pages or as a web service with SOAP API .
 API methods support retrieval of a foreign exchange rate for any pair of currencies by multiplying a " currency factor " by one currency value to determine the other value . Methods also support listing of datasets providing currency factors , providers of datasets , and timestamps of the datasets , which allows evaluation of data reliability .
 The service from the New York Federal Reserve Bank provides historical data for foreign exchange transactions and exchange rates . The list of data available covers many of the world's currencies , with both spot and buying prices quoted at different times of day . The authoritative provider makes the data available for ingestion to automated processes that must compare currencies to calculate prices for cross-border transactions , in addition to historical research uses .
 EnvoyRelate is a service that lets users track their donations in realtime and review analytics on this data . EnvoyRelate provides in depth statistics that help users understand the total value of donations , see their average donation value and the number of donations over time . Users can work with interactive charts and graphs in realtime to see what methods are working . Custom alerts can be set up that are triggered by various events . EnvoyRelate provides an API to allow users to input transactions from their web services . The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON .
 The Avasaram RESTful Web Services API helps applications and websites to communicate with Avasaram platform . The platform provides financial services to help option traders find opportunities in different markets . The services provide via API are the Screener Service , Custom Screener Service , Option Calculator Service , Vertical Spread Calculator Service , and the Analyzer Service . Developers can integrate the API into their applications to take advantage of the services available on the platform .
 The service provides data feeds with real-time quotes for foreign exchange and currency exchange rates along with ability to complete trades . It serves the needs of professional market participants to track closely movements in exchange rates between different currencies , with abilities to respond quickly by initiating trades to profit from differences or hedge risk .
 The service provides budget data for the government of Moldova extracted from the Open Data portal of machine-readable government operating data . Data come from the Moldovan Ministry of Finance in partnership with the World Bank . The dataset excludes personal information about people as well as trade secrets of companies and state secrets of the government . The portal's goal is improved transparency government actions for citizens and other stakeholders .
 API methods support listings of expenditure items and their categories along with units of government or local and regional authorities that incur the expenses . The API returns machine-readable data structured according to those divisions to report actual government expenditures .
 Feedoo-also known as " Feidu " or " Stagecoach "-is a Chinese website for international investment resources . It was created to provide professional consultancy services and foreign exchange information to people embarking on international trade ventures .
 The website and API documentation are provided solely in Chinese .
 The Bank of Guatemala ( Banco de Guatemala ) provides an exchange rate service for its national currency , the Guatemalan quetzal . This service , the Tipo Cambio API , is available using SOAP-based calls issued in XML format . The service returns the exchange rate between the quetzal and the selected currency , either for the present day or over a given time period .
 Although several parts of the Bank of Guatemala website have English translations available , most of the website and all of the API documentation are provided only in Spanish .
 Empirasign acts as an indexible stock ticker for the Asset and Mortgage Backed Security Markets , delivering data and proprietary trading models . The Empirasign REST API returns JSON results , requires an API key , and allows developers to embed Empirasignâ € ™ s market data into in-house systems .
 Batchex is an online payment solutions provider . They offer sellers , retailers , and other businesses tools for streamlined billing processes . Their payment distribution service allows users to upload payout data and set up billing schedules . Batchex will interpret the data and send payments as checks or electronically . Batchex will also provide reports on payment statuses and processing . The Batchex API exposes uploading functionality that allows users to load up payout reports and data .
 The Banco Central de Costa Rica ( BCCR ) provides the Indicadores Economicos API as a programmatic method for retrieving economic indicators for Costa Rica . Key indicators covered by this service include the National Accounts ( quarterly GDP ) , the Monthly Economic Activity Index ( MIEA ) , the Consumer Price Index ( CPI ) , various interest rates , and more . This information can be retrieved using SOAP calls issued in XML format .
 The BCCR website and the API documentation are provided exclusively in Spanish .
 Cloanto's Currency Server is an exchange rate information and currency conversion service . Users can employ it to convert between currencies , to retrieve the currency for a given country , to discover whether a currency is active , to find the smallest unit of a given currency , to find out when the exchange rate of a currency was last modified , and more . The Cloanto Currency Server API employs SOAP calls issued in XML format .
 Thomson Reuters DataScope Select is a platform for delivering non-streaming financial content . The platform provides linked data for all content including Reference Data , Corporate Actions , Legal Entity Data , end-of-day / intra-day pricing and Evaluation Pricing Services . The XML API provides access to the full data model and can be used as a data source for third party applications .
 The USD-2009 Deflator queries AidData's GDP deflator database . It lets users take financial data from many countries , currencies and time periods , and convert financial values to a constant currency . The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON .
 The MasterCard rePower API provides consumers with a convenient way to add funds to their eligible MasterCard ® , Maestro ® , or non-branded payment account ( e.g. Debit , Prepaid ) at thousands of participating retailers . The rePower network offers a way for issuers to extend cash load capabilities for their card programs , use existing MasterCard processing and transaction codes to make participation easier , and supports standard next-day settlement of funds . The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML .
 OKPAY is a payment service designed for use by online businesses , including merchants , financial institutions , online games , software providers , payout projects , and freelancers . It can be used to make all kinds of payments as well as to send or receive money . International bank transfers and online currency exchanges are supported , along with ten different e-currencies .
 OKPAY provides SOAP APIs that enable developers to build custom applications , tools , and services that integrate OKPAY's functions . Typical applications may include searching for transactions , paying en masse , and making refunds .
 The service provides online reporting tools for compliance with the U.S. FFATA Subaward Reporting System ( FSRS ) . Federal law requires that awardees who win procurement bids and contract directly with the federal government must disclose subcontractors who will contribute to fulfillment . Federal grant recipients are subject to the same requirement . The service enables reporting of such subawards .
 API methods support submitting a compliance report , naming the master contract and awardee and providing full information about each subaward contractor including name , principle place of business , effective time period , payments awarded , and top-executive compensation .
 IFR Markets is a source of real-time financial markets commentary , analysis , data , and forecasting . It employs over 70 analysts worldwide who are experienced market professionals themselves . IFR Markets provides access real-time rates , credit , and forex information 24 hours a day .
 The service provides data for transaction and price quotes from major financial and securities markets with emphasis on serving customers in Nordic markets , especially Scandinavia and northern Europe . It aggregates information from a wide range of securities exchanges worldwide , including NYSE and NASDAQ in the United States , European regional markets , and national markets across Europe . The data is streamed through a number of distribution channels , including an API .
 API methods support retrieval of security price quotes in real-time or delayed , with end-of-day summaries of open , close , highest , and lowest price plus transaction volume . Methods also provide access to background information about security issuers , news about actions taken by companies , and historical data for reference needs .
 Playmob is a charitable giving integration platform . It allows developers to create the means for players to give to charities through their apps . Playmob has a network of charities for developers to partner with and direct user traffic to . Developers can integrate payments for in-game objects with donations to charities so that portions of the itemsâ € ™ cost goes to a generous cause . The rest of the integration is completely invisible , being worked into the appâ € ™ s UI , store setup , and player account management system . The Playmob API exposes the entire functionality of the app-to-charity functionality . It is a RESTful API that returns JSON-encoded results .
 The Open Exchange Rates API provides easy and fast programmatic access to currency exchange rates for 157 currencies , with advanced features for paying customers ( cheaper than every other service ! ) .
 Open Exchange Rates was designed to provide a free and reliable place for developers to access exchange rates for use in their own apps and projects .
 GAIN Capital is a leading provider of online forex trading . The GAIN Trading platform gives members an environment where they can conduct trading in an anonymous fasion with direct access and trade execution capabilities using streaming prices that provide a transparent view of both price and order book depth . The platform functionality is available via a SOAP API for integration into third party systems .
 PAYMILL ’s developer friendly REST API lets you accept credit and debit card payments directly in your website and mobile application . Available across Europe , online businesses are able to accept online payments globally , enabling them to scale internationally from the get-go . The API gives you full control of your checkout so you can deliver a user experience optimised for higher conversions . And with heavy-duty security measures already built-in – you can rest easy knowing your data secured .
 The SOAP based API features returns in XML and allows third party applications access and the ability to manipulate invoice data stored within Bilbus as well as customer information . Calls include : Create / Update customer . Fetch customer ( according to filter setting ) , Create / Update invoice . Fetch invoice ( according to filter setting )
 IBAN Complete offers a single solution for IBAN ( International Bank Account Number ) conversion , validation , and routing BIC ( Bank Identifier Code ) identification . The IBAN is an international standard for identifying bank accounts across national borders with minimal risk of propagating transcription errors . The latest version of IBAN Complete is designed to enable banks and corporations to comply with European mandates . The IBAN Connect API provides programmatic access to the functions of IBAN Complete via SOAP calls .
 Markit is a pricing and valuation service focused on providing end-of-day services that aggregate valuation information on credit default swaps . The Markit Data APIs give developers access to the data collected by Markit . Currently , there are APIs available for Company Lookup , Stock Quotes , and Timeseries data . The APIs are available in REST and SOAP protocols and will return XML , JSON , or JSONP . Full documentation , code samples , and demos are available on the site's GitHub page .
 The service provides financial management tools across all functions of a financial institution via a software-as-a-service ( SaaS ) platform . In addition to basic transaction processing , including micropayments , and lending , it allows for customer account creation , updating , and reporting . The service can interact with retailers for point-of-sale ( POS ) processing and other external services such as credit scoring agencies .
 The service accepts applications for grants from the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) so local applications can initiate grant applications , allow review and modification , and complete final submission for consideration by the agency . It gives access to lists of grant opportunities as well as functions to submit applications and track status through the decision and funding processes .
 SalesKing is an online accounting service that allows users to perform tasks such as creating invoices and automating billing for recurrent charges . It also provides services for managing customers , products , and employees . SalesKing's functions are accessible programmatically using a RESTful API that issues JSON-formatted calls . The website is provided primarily in German .
 Money Toolkit is a finance management app based targeting to UK audiences . It allows users to order their personal finance on Android and Apple mobile devices . Users can set categories for types of spending and monitor their savings with by setting targets . The Money Toolkit API exposes the data aggregation platform functionality . It is a RESTful API that returns JSON-formatted data .
 Istanbul Altin Borsasi , known in English as the Istanbul Gold Exchange , plays an important role in developing gold-based investment vehicles and in the international integration of the Turkish gold sector . The Elektronik Borsa Sistemi is an electronic exchange system provided by the Istanbul Altin Borsasi . This system is accessible using SOAP calls in XML format . All documentation is in Turkish .
 RestFul Web Services provides a suite of financial APIs for performing a variety of tasks . This includes retrieving information on stock quotes , currency conversion rates , or the London Gold Fix ( the price of gold on the London market ) . The FedACH Service provides financial institutions with batched payment services that enable an electronic exchange of debit and credit through the Automated Clearing House ( ACH ) network .
 API methods support search against a directory of charity organizations to retrieve location , size , contact information , and funding levels . Methods also provide information about projects and events sponsored by a charity , both past and upcoming . The API provides listings of top fundraisers for an organization and other measures of successful outreach .
 The StrikeIron Foreign Exchange Rates Web Service provides both current ( updated every 30-minutes ) and historical foreign exchange rates based on the London Close ( 11:30 am EST ) for 160 currencies . Rates are quoted either in U.S. dollars per foreign currency unit or in foreign currency units per U.S. dollar
 MavaIQ Currencies delivers foreign exchange ( FX ) rate market data , enriched to include aggregate , return , risk , risk-adjusted return , momentum and technical / trading indicator metrics .
 MavaIQ Currencies delivers : referential data on currencies and countries ; currency conversion ; daily historical foreign exchange ( FX ) rates ; returns & percentage returns ; simple moving averages ( SMAs ) ; highs ; lows ; risk ( standard deviations of rates and returns ) ; Sharpe and Sortino Ratios .
 The service provides sales tax calculations as part of the process of completing orders and collecting payment . It is intended to automate compliance with tax-collection requirements and reduce risk of penalties for non-payment . The service validates customer address and verifies taxing jurisdiction , then calculates applicable tax rates with consideration of product type and taxability , rate tiers , tax holidays and exemptions , etc .
 API methods support submission of an order for automated tax calculation , with item code and tax code , customer address , and other relevant details . Methods verify the submitted address and determine the local tax authority , then apply decision rules for that jurisdiction to provide an accurate amount due as sales tax for the order .
 Get Exchange Rates provides free exchange rates for nearly every currency in the world . The API lets developers access exchange rate information , both current and historical and integrate it into their systems . Rates for all currencies are updated every two minutes . The simple API uses a RESTful call and responses are formatted in JSON .
 SNTMNT is a company that provides sentiment analysis of Twitter feeds to give investors and traders advice on the best performing stocks . SNTMNT offers a suite of three APIs .
 The Trading Indicator API gives traders hourly and / or daily buy & sell signals for all S&P 500 stocks based on analysis of Twitter feeds . Each signal is accompanied by a confidence interval .
 ABN AMRO Markets is a stock market information website provided by ABN AMRO Bank N.V. , a Dutch state-owned bank . The ABN AMRO Markets API provides users with programmatic access to stock quotes . It also provides access to additional stock information such as ISIN , asset class , product type , reference currency , and more . The website is provided entirely in Dutch .
 EZX's products and services provide Traders with robust yet easy to implement solutions that enable them to trade quickly and efficiently .
 EZXâ € ™ s RTD plugin for Excel gives you the ability to FIX enable your spreadsheets so you can automate your strategy right from your desktop . With EZX RTD , you can make your Excel Spreadsheet an Execution Management System without the hassle and cost of a large system implementation .
 The MB Trading Allos API provides users access to financial stock quotes . Operating as a subsidiary if Allos Investing , MB Trading is an online financial trading platform catering to a variety of financial markets . The service provides quotes only , and can return information for a single ticker , the entire market , and everything in between , historical data is currently underdevelopment . The API sources data from NASDAQ Market , New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) , American Stock Exchange ( AMEX ) , Toronto Stock Exchange ( TSX ) , INET / ARCA ECN books , CBOE Options quotes , CME Futures Quotes , CBOT Futures quotes and Foreign Currencies .
 The SixFinancial API gives users access to the market data and pricing services offered by SixFinancial . API integration provides access to price quotes , reference data , corporate actions , sector codes , ratings , business news , and term sheets . The API is available in both XML and Java formats .
 The Stock Quotes API , provided by magicspatula.com , gives users call and real-time stream options for getting relevant stock quotes . The service is free and the site provides example Javascript code for including this service on your website .
 Vicurex is an exchange platform for bitcoins and other cryptocoins , such as devcoins , namecoins , and more . Vicurex hosts an exchange rate platform for USD and Euro comparisons with the cryptocoin currencies . Users can exchange USD and Euros for the cryptocoins or cryptocoins . Vircurex provides APIs for executing transactions and retrieving information about them . It is a RESTful API that returns JSON and XML-formatted data .
 EODData is a provider of quality market data including stock quotes and historical charting data . Users can download up to 20 years worth of data , across a wide range of markets . Daily updates contain end of day quotes and intraday 1-minute bars . Platinum level partners can use the API which gives access to site data . This data includes exchange lists , symbol lists , historical data , splits , and more . In addition , the API lets developers create new users , setup usernames / passwords and give them access to specific exchanges . It uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML .
 LMAX Exchange is a trading and automated trading platform . The LMAX Exchange Trading API gives users direct market access for all LMAX instruments , fast trade execution ( 90 % of trades are executed in less than 10ms ) , secure trading , a technical support team , risk-free demo environment , and access to up to 20 levels of current and historical market depth . LMAX Exchange provides Java and . NET client libraries and the FIX library is available on request .
 The SortMyBooks API allows users to either access and use their SortMyBooks account , or integrate the service into their other applications . The API comes in both a SOAP and JSON protocol , and returns in JSON or HTML . The documentation includes a PHP application that demonstrates the API integration , full documentation is available with log in .
 The Whale Wisdom API allows users to streamline and automate data retrieval from the Whale Wisdom website . The service uses the REST protocol and can return data in several formats . The API allows users to retrieve , compare , and analyse the 13F filings of major funds . The API requires users to create an account on the website which can be used to generate API keys to authenticate any calls .
 The Just2Trade API allows clients of Just2Trade to integrate their own trading interface with Just2Trade's online order entry system . This remote capacity provides the same functionality as the web based service but allows users to customize the other aspects of their system i.e. market feeds , stock quote services . The API uses the FIX protocol and returns JSON . Only clients with a fully funded Just2Trade account have access to the API .
 EasyWallet is a bitcoin storage system . Users create virtual wallets to save their bitcoins . The virtual wallet is accessible at a secret URL , and protected by a username and password combination . The wallets only exist temporarily : if they are not retrieved or visited at their URL within a month of its creation , the funds will return to the original user . The EasyWallet API is RESTful and allows users to create new wallets , initiate payments , and view balances . It returns JSON-encoded data .
 BitInstant is a rapid bitcoin transferring service . Users can use the BitInstant system for numerous financial transactions such as transfers , deposits , and withdrawals . BitInstantâ € ™ s rate of transaction operates almost instantaneously , depending on the bitcoin marketâ € ™ s current pace . They model their transactional system to dynamically reflect the real time market conditions . Their RESTful API exposes data retrieval and transactional functionality , and returns JSON-encoded data .
 BoxBilling is a payment management system for services and products like software licenses , web hosting , and downloadable products . It allows merchants to manage clients and their payment schedules . Merchants can monitor and automate invoicing from an administrators dashboard and set up multiple payment gateways . BoxBilling offers APIs for Guest-based services , Clients , and Admins . They are all RESTful APIs that return JSON-formatted data .
 Pin is an Australian payment system . They provide a simple API for transacting credit card payments . Users can retrieve patron information such as card number , expiry dates , addresses and more , by their email addresses . Pin also provides a web interface and a dashboard for visualizing and managing transactions . Pin is a REST-based API that returns JSON-formatted data .
 This API provides value added tax ( VAT ) numbers for European companies . It is based on a system provided by the European Commission called the VAT Information Exchange System ( VIES ) . VIES as provided by the European Commission is a SOAP interface . This API , however , was designed by Nephics AB to retrieve the same data in a RESTful protocol and return JSON-formatted results .
 The service provides access to public records from the U.S. Office of Financial Asset Control to support compliance with currency transfer regulations . It allows review of reports on asset transfers in amounts that trigger OFAC reporting requirements intended to disclose and prevent money laundering activities .
 The service aggregates data from a number of real estate transfer services ( RETS ) feeds documenting sales of property , with application-level access to summarize market activity . It provides a single source for real estate sales tracked by the Multiple Listing Service ( MLS ) .
 The service provides tools for managing balances of bitcoin virtual currency . It summarizes activity within the bitcoin network and provides statistics to guide an application's involvement in group effort to generate bitcoin , with the resulting balance shared among participants .
 API methods support summaries of statistics for worldwide bitcoin activity . Methods also provide statistics on the hash rate generated by network activity , the number of workers active in the network , the number of users , and the rounds of activity completed .
 Donor Tools is a non-profit software for managing and tracking donors using a variety of tracking , reporting and communication features . The API offers the user complete access to same data and features that the web interface provides . This allows developers to create their own custom applications or simply access their Donor Tools data from anywhere .
 StructuredRetailProducts is a database that provides information and data on companies , market trends , sales , revenue , and market news and analysis .
 The StructuredRetailProducts API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of StructuredRetailProducts with other applications and to create new applications . Some example API methods include searching and querying the data , retrieving information given certain parameters , and managing account information .
 WorkingPoint is a small business software solutions package . It provides a bundle of tools for accounting , invoicing , and tax and financial reporting . These tools are all accessible on business dashboard . The API exposes the invoice , bill , item , and contact functionalities . It is a RESTful API that returns JSON responses .
 The AvaTax API exposes the functionality of the AvaTax service . With it users can get applicable tax details for the given geographic coordinates and sale amount , calculate the tax for one or more invoiced items , validate the supplied address and more . The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted XML and JSON .
 GiftRocket is gift card money transferring service . First , users buy their friends a gift card online and then GiftRocket sends the recipients money to redeem the present , by check , PayPal , or bank transfer . The API provides users access to gift card purchasing functionality . It is a RESTful API that responds in JSON . Access and an API key are granted by request .
 The service provides a suite of financial analytics and planning functions , including annual budgeting , forecasting , variance analysis , and consideration of what-if scenarios . It integrates with with many familiar general ledger ( GL ) systems , as well as customer relationship management ( CRM ) , and human resource ( HR ) planning systems . It can meet analytical needs of many enterprise resource planning ( ERP ) functions .
 The service enables users to develop a well-documented rate plan reflecting risk levels posed by prospective customers . Quote requests can then be made via the Insured Rating API which return coverage and premium information . The data generated helps to manage insurance product offerings and provide accurate rate quotes matched to determinants of risk .
 API methods support input of prospective customer data and return risk ratings compliant with the industry ACORD standard . Methods can be adapted to an applications existing XML schema if needed . Users can utilize Insured Rating's SOAP or REST endpoints .
 API methods support submission of an input value , specifying the currency in which it is denominated and the currency of the desired output value . The service converts the input value based on the current exchange rate between the two currencies and returns the correct output value .
 HostBill is a payment and invoice management service . Their services include automated billing , payment management , and client data tracking . The API provides registered users with access to their client , invoice , and services data in real-time through an HTML protocol . They also provide a free PHP HB wrapper that simplifies calls and stores usersâ € ™ API authentication details . The API is only available to users with installed HostBill accounts .
 The MasterCard MoneySend program provides a host of money transfer functions . Users issue money from an originating institution , through a receiving institution , to a recipient . The API provides code for transaction management and interoperable account mapping functions . MoneySend is still in BETA and its services are still undergoing changes . The API uses RESTful calls and provides XML responses . Developers must register for access .
 Member Alert to Control High-risk Merchants ( MATCH ) is Mastercardâ € ™ s offering to acquirers for vetting merchants prior to entering into contracts with them . Users must inquire with Mastercard for MATCH certification . The API provides real-time and automated access to the MATCH database which contains information about terminated merchants that users are required to keep updated . The API uses RESTful calls and provides responses in XML .
 The AXA Banque API allows developers to access and integrate the data from AXA Banque with other applications and to create new applications . Some example API methods include retrieving customer information , retrieving account information , and returning transaction details .
 This API offers real time stock quotes and market data for U.S. equities traded on BATS Exchanges . In addition to stock quotes ( bid / ask ) , the API also provides tick market data and other market statistics including , open , high , low , close , volume data for stocks , depository receipts and exchange traded funds ( ETF ) trading on BATS .
 This API offers terms and conditions reference data for US bonds including corporate bonds , government bonds and Treasury bonds . The API provides issue identifiers , bond issue details and terms and conditions for more than 200,000 active bond issues . Contact sales@xignite.com for subscription information .
 The Bonds service provides price data for more than 200,000 U.S. corporate and agency bonds . Developers can power their applications with up-to-date U.S. corporate and agency bond price information . Bond Price and Yield Data includes all the details such as Last Trade , Daily and Yearly Open / High / Low , Volume , Accrued Interest , Yield to Maturity , Convexity to Maturity . The API uses REST and SOAP calls and responses are formatted in XML .
 The Corporate Actions service provides current and historic corporate actions data for securities traded on global exchanges . The data that can be accessed includes Mergers & Acquisitions activities , dividend distributions , stock splits , master record changes , and more . This data can be integrated with third party applications . The API uses REST and SOAP calls and responses are formatted in XML .
 This API provides forward-looking earnings and events calendar data for trading and risk . Highly accurate and timely data on 5,000 companies traded on U.S. and Canadian exchanges . Data includes upcoming dates and timing for earnings announcements , conference calls / webcasts , and shareholder / board meetings .
 This API offers reference data for Asian and European corporate bonds . The API provides issue details for more than 350,000 active global corporate bonds from more than 170 countries .
 This API offers real-time options quotes for U.S. listed equity options . In addition to option quotes ( bid / ask ) , the API also provides option chain lookups , open , high , low , close , volume , moneyness , open interest , contract size and underlying asset information .
 This API provides stock fundamental data for active companies in more than 40 global markets . The service delivers more than 10 current fundamental data points per company . This stock fundamental data API is ideal for stock market data research , stock analysis , creating historical stock charts , recommendation engines , and finance and investment websites and mobile apps .
 This API offers real-time quotes for equities trading for U.S. and international exchanges . In addition to stock quote ( bid / ask ) data , the API also provides intraday tick data , volume and time weighted average prices and other market statistics including open , high , low , close , and other data for active equities , depository receipts and ETFs .
 The service works with a SEGmeter sensor connected to an electrical panel to detect the energy flow . It then compiles readings into summarized information , supported by graphical visualizations . The information inputs enable control of utility use and cost , potentially lowering electrical bills and encouraging conservation .
 Bmycharity helps UK charities by providing online sponsorship and donation processing services . This unofficial API exposes the service's data including Donation amount , Gift Aid amount , Charity logo , Charity info , Donations ( including messages , names , dates & amounts from users ) and more . The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON .
 The service provides sales and use tax rates by location within the United States and Canada . A list of taxing jurisdictions with authority in a location may also be generated .
 API methods accept submission of a five-digit U.S. ZIP code or an abbreviation specifying a Canadian province , then return current sales and use tax rates . If the submitted ZIP code or province matches multiple city / county combinations , multiple sets of data cover each of the taxing jurisdictions .
 The service evaluates customs duties and other import taxes applicable to cross-border purchases , either as a standalone service or as a component of total price calculated in a checkout process . It is intended to help fully inform customers about the final cost of purchases to prevent surprises , maintain goodwill , and reduce return rates . It helps sellers to accurately classify products with correct HS codes and prevent penalties or problems from misclassification .
 API methods support retrieval of country lists imported from or exported to , along with supported currencies and product categories . The API then provides duty rates by country and product and calculates the duty on a specified transaction .
 The established service provides free , unrestricted access to raw data for customers for its financial market information . The same publish / subscribe and request / response interactions available via its proprietary interface can be accessed via API . This functionality gives access to data on current market trades , either real-time or delayed , along with reference data on reference data , historical information , and records of intraday trading .
 First Data Financial Services Transactions is a RESTful web service that provides an API layer into the First Data GFS Processing platform . First Data makes payment transactions secure , fast and easy for merchants , financial institutions and their customers .
 Xsolla is a provider of localized in-game payment solutions specializing in MMO , social , mobile and casual games . The Xsolla platform provides access to over 150 payment options including credit and pre-paid cards , mobile payments , premium SMS , E-wallets , cash and e-cash , payment kiosks and offers . Xsolla also provides statistics such as RPU ( Revenue Per User ) and ARPPU ( Average Revenue Per Paying User ) that allow partners to analyze their players' habits and payment options used .
 Ireland's Office of the Revenue Commissioners exists to collect taxes and duties and implementing Customs controls . The Customs & Excise API exposes functionality of the Revenue On-Line Service ( ROS ) . The service gives users a secure way to file tax returns , pay tax liabilities and access their tax details online . Functionality exposed by the API includes the ability to file returns online , make payments by laser card , debit instruction or by online banking for Income Tax only , obtain online details of personal / clients revenue accounts , calculate tax liability , conduct business electronically and claim repayments . The API uses SOAP calls and responses are formatted in XML .
 The service accepts input data for standard financial calculations and provides results in XML format . Calculation services focus on investment decisions and questions posed to investment advisors , but they address many types of transactions , including loan and mortgage payments , home and auto purchases , retirement income , college costs and savings , and others .
 API methods provide results of standard calculations for business cash flow , investment returns , savings rates and retirement income , credit decisions , college and education costs , and more .
 Cloudability tracks and manages more than 80 cloud and SaaS providers to give companies the ability to monitor and analyze complete cloud spend across multiple vendors . Cloudability provides companies running cloud services with recommendations on how to increase cloud-use efficiency and actionable insight into unnecessary overages and unused instances .
 The Open Source Exchange Rates API gives developers a way to access the rates that power currency conversion services . The API provides up-to-date , flexible and portable currency conversion data that can be used in any application , framework or language . The API uses JavaScript and responses are formatted in JSON .
 The UK Government Gateway HMRC API lets users retrieve public information relating to tax collections . The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML . The Government Gateway HMRC ensures the correct tax is paid at the right time , whether this relates to payment of taxes received by the department or entitlement to benefits paid .
 The NVP / SOAP integration method for Invoicing is deprecated , please see the corresponding Invoicing REST API for new integrations . PayPal , the global leader in secure , online payments helps businesses automate their invoices and get paid faster . Using the PayPal Invoicing APIs , businesses can easily automate their invoicing workflow electronically , from creation and delivery to receiving payments , tracking and management of invoices . Use PayPal Invoicing APIs as your all-in-one business invoicing solution to streamline your invoicing and payment needs .
 The eSignal suite of products provides global , real-time market data and decision support to individual investors and traders worldwide . With The eSignal products users get access to stock , futures , Forex and options market quotes . The eSignal market datafeed provides real-time , streaming data from North America and more than 125 other global exchanges .
 Recovery.gov gives transparency to the funds made available by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 . The website allows taxpayers to track how and where Recovery funds are spent as well as reporting of potential fraud , waste , and abuse .
 The API gives developers access to Recovery data . It uses the REST protocol and returns responses in XML .
 BankAccountChecker.com lets users verify , check and validate bank account and sortcode details . The API returns a validation code and a validation description for the UK bank account and sort code provided . It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON .
 FT Press provides essential insights from the best business books and original writings by leading business thinkers , in a bite-sized electronic format . When developing products , the FT Press engages readers , asks questions , tells stories , and illustrates ideas with insightful examples of people , products , or businesses . The end result is short , meaningful , and actionable content .
 Marketiva specializes in providing traders with online trading services . Marketiva is an over-the-counter market maker , providing Forex , Indexes , and Commodities trading services .
 MPP Global Solutions are a provider of eCommerce payment platforms for the media and entertainment industries . The MPP system features can be accessed via a set of APIs . The MPP toolkit provides the following features :
 Myfxbook is a tool for Forex traders to analyze their accounts . The service supports over 100 brokers and providers community features for the traders . The Myfxbook API provides access to an individual's account and Myfxbook functionality . Developers can retrieve order history , view open trades and view open orders . The API also provides access to historical data for all the user's accounts and developers can retrieve daily gain data for use in charts or other analysis .
 The API is in beta and provides data as XML or JSON .
 TradeHill provides an online tool that allows users to freely buy and sell the decentralized internet commodity known as Bitcoin . The Trading API allows developers to interact their applications directly with TradeHill . The functions available are broken up into two groups : Public Data Functions which do not require users to authenticate , and Trading Functions which require authentication data to be specified along with the request . The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON and JSONP .
 AidData is an initiative to provide products and services that make development finance data accessible and portable . The core of the program is the AidData web portal , which is a gateway to nearly 1 million records of development finance activities from donors around the world . The AidData API is a javascript library which allows developers to query the AidData database to insert AidData development project information into any web application . Data is returned in JSON format .
 Stocklytics provides stock market data of all sorts , from ticker symbol quotes with charts , to news and even Twitter results about the particular stock . The three major US markets are supported : NASDAQ , AMEX and NYSE .
 The Intraday Historical Prices API allows users to get a list of the price for a particular stock for the current day ( or the latest day of trading if markets are closed ) in 5 minute intervals . With this data , users can generate intraday stock graphs , or perform stock analysis in near real-time . Data for this API is updated every 5 minutes . The Stocklytics API makes the Stocklytics data available as a RESTful API with JSON and CSV output .
 Stocklytics provides stock market data of all sorts , from ticker symbol quotes with charts , to news and even Twitter results about the particular stock . The three major US markets are supported : NASDAQ , AMEX and NYSE .
 The Historical Prices API can be used to look up the Open , Close , High and Low price , as well as the volume of stock traded for a stock code within a particular date range . The API supports the downloading of the entire historical data set on file for a stock going back to January 1st 1980 . The Stocklytics API makes the Stocklytics data available as a RESTful API with JSON and CSV output .
 Stocklytics provides stock market data of all sorts , from ticker symbol quotes with charts , to news and even Twitter results about the particular stock . The three major US markets are supported : NASDAQ , AMEX and NYSE .
 The Company Data API allows users to retrieve company information about a particular stock / ticker code . The data that can be retrieved includes : Company Name , Sector , Industry , Traded Stock Market , Year of IPO . The Stocklytics API makes the Stocklytics data available as a RESTful API with JSON output .
 Piryx is a platform for online fundraising for non-profits , charities advocacy groups , political campaigns , corporate giving programs , groups , clubs , sports teams and other causes . The social giving API helps connect people with the causes they care about online . Users can then share those causes with friends and family using social media sites , as well as email and other tools .
 SnapBill is an automated billing system that allows users to sell their services online . SnapBill is ideal for businesses requiring a subscription or recurring billing system with payment collection facilities . The RESTful API is still in beta and documentation is not complete . It provides users with some of the functionality of the SnapBill service . Responses are formatted in XML , JSON , TXT or HTML .
 The API is currently in BETA . Documentation is subject to change without notice . During the BETA period , you can only obtain an API Key by contacting support or creating an account via the API .
 billFLO is a cash-flow management tool for small business . billFLO seller API allows Accounting and Invoicing Applications to generate billFLO invoices . Basically , the API accepts XML-formatted data and returns billFLO invoices . The billFLO Invoice is returned in the form of a string in an XML response . The requesting application then provides the billFLO file to the user via email or as a download .
 Kashoo was previously Clarity Accounting . The Kashoo API allows developers to interact with data stored in Clarity Accounting from their own software . Kashoo is online accounting software for small businesses . The API provides functionality such as getting a list of the user's businesses , get lists of invoices for the business , add new records and more . The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML or HTML .
 Provides historical quotes for all US and Canadian stocks , indices , mutual funds , OTC bulletin board issues , and other securities . Prices are fully adjusted for splits , dividends and other corporate actions . Data on both living and dead issues is available . The API also provides access to non-price data such as short interest , shares outstanding , earnings per share and more .
 The Lyons OFAC web services provide streamlined access to the three most often used watch lists for clients looking to incorporate Office of Foreign Asset Control screening into their own applications . Lyons Commercial Data is a provider of U.S. financial institution data including bank routing numbers and other information critical to transaction processing . The API has simple methods that allow users to submit a name , or country and name , against the following watch lists : Office of Foreign Asset Control Specially Designated Nationals ( SDN ) list ; Bureau of Industry and Security's ( BIS ) Denied Person's list ; Non-SDN list ( NS-PLC ) . The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML .
 Provides financial information on US and Canadian publicly traded companies , including historical financial statements ( balance sheets , cash flow statements , income statements and ratios ) going back 20 + years . Additionally , provides information on executives , including current and historical compensation , biography , insider holdings and insider transactions .
 Empire Avenue lets users trade virtual stocks in friends , bloggers or local businesses . The API provides access to most of the features available on the website , such as share information and leaderboards .
 With over 8 years of experience in the financial services industry , IP Commerce has developed language neutral , open APIs , that enable application developers to integrate to these valuable Commerce Services through SOAP , REST and RESTJSON Web Services implementation options . IP Commerce provides payments integration assistance , sample code , tools and developer documentation , and a 24x7 available developer sandbox to registered partners at no charge .
 The Plastyc API allows businesses to enroll people into prepaid cards from their website or phone systems . Plastyc provides payment and money management services to anyone with Internet access through a platform that issues and maintains the UPside Visa prepaid card line of prepaid debit cards . The API allows companies to sign up users for UPside Visa prepaid cards , and then let users check their balances , share money card to card or suspend lost cards from within the companiesï ¿ ½ own websites . The API uses SOAP architecture and responses are formatted in XML .
 Offerpal Media is the leader in virtual currency monetization for online games , virtual worlds and social networks . The companyï ¿ ½ s turnkey payment platform gives consumers the opportunity to earn or buy virtual currency by completing targeted advertising offers or by purchasing it through direct , global payment options .
 Using the JSON API , publishers with dynamic applications can create highly customized user experiences . Super Rewards provides a virtual currency monetization platform for social publishers and online communities . The Super Rewards platform can be deployed on any major social network , standalone website , mobile application , virtual world , or MMO to provide monetization functionality with less than an hour of deployment effort .
 Zoho Invoice provides an API using which you can integrate your data on Zoho with any of your existing applications such as invoice applications for mobiles , timesheet application , ticketing system . The Zoho Invoice API responds to REST requests in an XML format and is programming language-neutral .
 Clear Books is an online accounting system for small businesses . Clear Books provides an API service to its users , allowing for third party communication to pass information both into and out of the system .
 The Statistical Institute of Catalonia produces official statistics in the fields of the economy , demography and society . Idescat exposes some of its data via a collection of REST APIs . Idescat's APIs offer methods for third-party programs to be able to obtain information from the Statistical Institute of Catalonia and integrate it in other services .
 The Indicators of the day service provides basic information on a selection of short-term and structural indicators for the Catalan economy . Responses can be returned in XML , JSON and PHP formats .
 The Invoice Machine API makes it possible for you to send , receive and remove data from your account via HTTP POST calls . There are many situations where this could be useful . Let's say you run an online store and want to send an invoice to your customer each time a purchase is made . This is possible with just a few lines of code using the API .
 Provides real-time NASDAQ Last Sale stock prices and trade data for US-listed stocks . Use the API to obtain last sale , open , high , low , and close information . Also you can create completely customized real-time charts of a security's intra-day activity .
 This web service provides company logos for around 70 % of companies listed on NASDAQ , NYSE , and AMEX .
 This web service provides real-time BATS Exchange Last Sale stock prices and trade data for US-listed stocks traded on NASDAQ , NYSE , AMEX and OTC exchanges .
 This API offers security master data for a wide range of exchange-traded instruments including equities , exchange traded funds ( ETFs ) , depository receipts , derivatives , bonds , money market funds , U.S. mutual funds and other structured products . With a broad coverage spanning more than 200 global markets , this API provides issuer , instrument and security level information for more than 1.5 million active instruments .
 This API provides real-time data for corporate insider transactions filed with the SEC for U.S. public companies . The US SEC requires corporate insiders , meaning a company's officers and directors , and any beneficial owners of more than ten percent of a class of the company's equity securities , file with the SEC a statement of ownership regarding those securities . XigniteInsider provides corporate insider transactions , value of current ownerships , changes in ownerships and detailed transaction history in a company's securities by corporate insiders .
 This API offers holiday schedule and operating hours for securities exchanges around the world . XigniteExchanges provides stock market trading hours and data on exchange holidays , trading days , trading schedules , and settlement rules for over 560 major exchanges and venues in the global financial markets
 The XigniteHoldings API gives you access to a complete list of institutional holders of a security as of a specific date . You can search by manager , historical holders and more .
 The XigniteReleases API gives you real-time company news , including press releases , industry news , earnings and dividend announcements , mergers and acquisitions , stock analyst coverage and more . Ideas for using this API include investor portals , business intelligence and competitive portals , or CRM applications .
 Use the Hoover's API to create applications using Hoover's database of 60 million companies , 69 million people and First Research Industry information . You can stream reliable , on-demand information into enterprise-wide systems , and commercial software and web applications to provide business insight to employees and customers . Hoover's , a D&B Company , is based in Austin , TX .
 This API offers delayed stock quotes for equities trading on more than 50 international exchanges . In addition to stock quote ( bid / ask ) data , the market data feed also provides intraday tick data , volume and time weighted average prices and other stock market data statistics including open , high , low , close , and other data for more than 150,000 global active equities , depository receipts and ETFs . Contact sales@xignite.com for subscription information .
 Use the Xurrency API to obtain exchange rates . Use the data as an input in your app or let your app's users query the exchange rate . Use the SOAP option , the RSS option , or edit a URL to get currency conversion information .
 The BankVal UK API lets users obtain ISCD bank branch details , perform UK sort code validation , validate account numbers , validate debit cards , and verify credit cards . The API uses both RESTful and SOAP protocols and responses can be formatted in either XML , JSON or CSV . Unified Software is the leading provider of UK and International financial web services .
 This API offers delayed options quotes for U.S. and internationally listed equity options . In addition to option quotes ( bid / ask ) , the API also provides option chain lookups , open , high , low , close , volume , moneyness , open interest , contract size , underlying security information and for options written on over 4,000 underlying stocks .
 This API offers real-time and historical US Treasury and LIBOR-based swap and forward rates . The US Treasury rates data provides real-time treasury prices and yields for various maturities of T-Bills , T-Notes and T-bonds . Swap rates data include rate quotes and yields for OTC LIBOR-based interest rate swaps in many traded currencies as well as swaption data . You can also use API to chart US Treasury rates and swap yield curves for easy viewing and comparisons .
 This API offers real time prices and quotes for metals including Gold , Silver , Palladium , Platinum and other base metals . In addition to real time precious metals prices , the service provides daily London Fixing prices , gold coin prices , and delayed NYMEX and COMEX Future precious metal prices as well as historical precious metal prices , charts and metal news
 This API provides stock fundamentals data for active U.S. and Canadian listed companies . The service delivers more than 400 current or historical fundamental data points per company . This stock fundamental data API is ideal as a stock research tool , for analysis , recommendation engines , and finance and investment websites and mobile apps .
 This API provides financial reports and data reported by publicly traded U.S. and Canadian companies . The service provides both current and historical annual and quarterly company financials data with a broad coverage of more than three hundred company financial data points . This stock financials data API is ideal for stock research , stock technical analysis , recommendation engines , and finance and investment websites and mobile apps .
 This API provides data for analyst recommendations , stock ratings revisions , and analyst sales estimates for U.S. and Canadian listed companies and stocks . Earnings estimates are provided by Zacks Investment Research , the leading investment research firm focusing on equities earnings estimates and stock analysis for the individual investor .
 This API offers fund description and fund performance data for U.S. mutual funds , exchange traded funds ( ETF fundamentals ) and money market funds . Data provided by this API can be used to power consumer financial and mobile applications and fund recommendation engines , investment advisor portfolio management and performance analytics systems and any application using fund data .
 This API offers delayed commodity futures price quotes from major global commodity exchanges such as CME , NYMEX , COMEX , CBOT , Euronext Liffe and others . In addition to commodity futures price quotes , the API also provides tick-by-tick intraday quotes , spot prices , contract termination schedules , the latest commodity futures market news for contracts written on over 300 underlying assets .
 This API provides earnings estimates , estimate revision trends , earnings per share ( EPS ) estimates , earnings surprises , earnings reports and earnings growth rate estimates for U.S. and canadian listed companies and stocks . Earnings estimates are provided by Zacks Investment Research , the leading investment research firm focusing on equities earnings estimates and stock analysis for the individual investor .
 This API provides filing information available from the U.S. SEC's Edgar database . The lets you query filing information for a company and easily get access to a company's financial information by reviewing registration statements , prospectuses and periodic reports filed on Forms 10-K and 10-Q. XigniteEdgar does not let you access or parse the content of the filings but lets you query filings by type and date . Xignite extracts this data directly and in real-time from the SEC's Edgar database .
 Forex rates API providing real-time and historical quotes for currency exchange rates ( FX ) . The API supports more than 170 currencies and over 29,000 currencies pairs . Contact sales@xignite.com for subscription information .
 This API offers current and historical benchmark interest rates from global financial markets in the U.S. , Europe , Canada and Asia . schedules . XigniteRates provides interest rates data for over 600 treasury , money market and private capital market instruments or benchmarks . Key interest rates include LIBOR rates , U.S. H. 15 rates , state rates , and Canadian treasury rates .
 From their site : Convio is an Internet software and services company that provides online Constituent Relationship Management ( eCRM ) solutions for nonprofit organizations . As a trusted Internet partner for more than 1,200 organizations . The Constituent Management API is a REST-based API allowing method invocation over the Internet using HTTP POST requests . The API communicates directly with the Convio Constituent360 database .
 This API offers real-time quotes for equities trading for U.S. and international exchanges . In addition to stock quote ( bid / ask ) data , the API also provides intraday tick data , volume and time weighted average prices and other market statistics including open , high , low , close , and other data for active equities , depository receipts and ETFs .
 These solutions automate tax based on the delivery address and product / service category . Each solution is updated on a monthly basis to have the most up-to-date tax rules . Results are not only extremely accurate , but they are obtained in real-time . This means fast , easy access to the most current rates and taxability rules for all U.S. and Canadian jurisdictions .
 From their site : Currency Rates for 115 major currencies . You can perform interactive foreign exchange rate calculations , using current currency rates updated every 10 minutes ( 20 minute delay ) . Simply enter the currency you wish to convert and invoke the Web service . The rate returned will be based on a fraction of the US dollar ( USD ) .
