 The Foursquare Places API provides location based experiences with diverse information about venues , users , photos , and check-ins . The API supports real time access to places , Snap-to-Place that assigns users to specific locations , and Geo-tag . Additionally , Foursquare allows developers to build audience segments for analysis and measurement . JSON is the preferred response format .
 Instagram is a photo sharing iPhone app and service . Users take photos and can share them with Instagram contacts , as well as friends on other social networks like Twitter and Facebook . The Instagram API provides access to user authentication , friend connections , photos and all the other elements of the iPhone app -- including uploading new media .
 Evernote's web service API provides secure access for your applications using the same network communications that are used by Evernote's own client software , including the ability to create , read , update and delete notes , notebooks and tags .
 Photo sharing mobile application picplz has a new API that has entered beta . The service provides read / write access to the picplz platform for sharing and editing photos . Developers can upload photos and use filter effects including " Instant Film , " " Russian Toy Camera , " " the 70s " and " High Contrast Monochrome . " The API also provides read access to others' photos . Like its mobile apps , the API likely lets you add a caption and tag your location .
 The Google Maps Geolocation API provides developers with tools and documentation for incorporating geolocation with mobile and WiFi technologies . The Geolocation API specifically returns a location and accuracy radius based on the information of cell towers and WiFi nodes that can then be detected by the mobile client .
 Geoloqi is a platform for private , real-time mobile location . The service stores locations and allows you to create Geonotes , receive proximal notification and optionally share real-time GPS maps with friends . The API provides access to all aspects of the platform , such as locations , accounts and layers .
 The WhatsApp Business API provides a way for businesses to interact with and reach customers all over the world . It powers communication with customers to connect with them on WhatsApp using end-to-end encryption . This enables messages and calls with security that allows only you and the person you're communicating with to read or listen . This API uses a REST API architecture with JSON data formats that follows standard HTTP request and response . WhatsApp Messenger is an SMS replacement application .
 The SMS API aims to provide a SMS communication to existing applications . This REST interface uses the SMPP protocol to send messages between entities . SMSAPI offers bulk services , email SMS , 5 second delivery , and global support of over 800 mobile providers in 200 countries .
 Mixpanel is a web service that tracks user engagement with their websites in real-time . The Mixpanel API allows users to post and access the data that Mixpanel is analyzing . This is a RESTful API and responses are returned in JSON format .
 Process and analyze input media images or video content using the PixLab Rest API . It uses built-in HTTP capabilities for passing parameters and authentication that responds with standard HTTP response codes . It allows you to process , transform and filter any images from any programming language with machine vision and deep learning APIs . The API returns JSON by default or BLOB Image Content on demand , with results for Image Processing , Machine Vision and Media Analysis . This includes ; facedetect , tagimg , facelookup , encrypt , decrypt and more . PixLab provides media storage with scalable and unified RESTful APIs for media analysis and processing tasks .
 The Google Maps Android API allows developers to add maps to their applications based on Google Maps data . The API automatically takes care of accessing the Google Maps servers , downloading data , displaying maps , and responding to map gestures . The API allows users to add markers , polylines , polygons , ground overlays , and tile overlays to maps . Google is a technology company that specializes in Internet-related services and products that includes online advertising technologies , search , cloud computing , software , and hardware .
 Vine is a service for mobile devices that allows users to create and share very short ( 6 seconds or less ) looping videos . When a user publishes a video to Vine , it will appear in their profile and in the timelines of their followers . Videos can also be posted to Twitter and Facebook . The Vine API allows users to retrieve data from the service , including popular videos , user data , a user's timeline , videos matching a given tag , individual posts , and notifications .
 CampBX is a platform where you can buy and sell Bitcoins in real-time from other CampBX users . Your buy or sell orders are matched against a parametrized database of other orders . If a perfect match is found , a Bitcoin-to-USD trade is executed instantly . If there are no matching orders at the price you specified , then your order can remain open for up to 31 days . To maintain fairness in trading , we have taken a purely-platform approach and CampBX is never a counter-party to any trade . Our platform was designed with stability and security as top priorities , and we became the first Bitcoin website to obtain Payment Card Industry ( PCI ) certification and the McAfee Secure seal of confidence on June 28th , 2011 . When you open an account on CampBX , all of the following features are available to you to ensure that you have a productive experience on our platform : ­ ­ • Daily security scans and certification by McAfee Secure • Quick Buy / Sell and Spend-X trades available for new traders • Advanced trading options with AON / FOK / Incremental Fills • Market Price and Limit Price Orders • STOPLOSS and Short-Selling available soon • Stoploss / Custom Order Expiry Date / Time • Trading API available • Wallet API available • SMS ( Text Message ) Notifications • Two-Factor Authentication • Professional third-party security audits • Frequent & encrypted back-ups • A comprehensive disaster recovery plan • Based in Atlanta , USA
 Cloud CMS is a cloud content management system that provides a Content API to create , manage and publish JSON and binary content to your mobile and web applications . The API provides RESTful and bulk transactional support for all data stores and objects within Cloud CMS , including CRUD , query , full-text search and a diversity of functions . Server authorization is via OAuth2 with all supported flows ( password , auth code , implicit , etc ) . Authenticated access checks against all objects featuring role and team-based security .
 Cloud CMS provides one-click infrastructure for all of the needs of our mobile and web applications . This includes Enterprise Content Management services like workflow , auditing , content lifecycle management , mimetype transformations and extractions and more .
 Cloud CMS also provides multi-tenancy for managing domains of users and groups , vaults for backup and restore , registrars for integrated billing of subtenants , directories for identity services and data warehouses for real-time analytics capture and reporting .
 TestFlight is a mobile app testing service . It provides space for testing and tools for analyzing trial use . Developers first upload their SDKs . Then , TestFlight distributes them to the developersâ € ™ testers and analyzes usage for performance reports . Their Upload API allows developers to streamline the development process by incorporating the SDK upload into their workflow . It is a RESTful API that provides responses in XML , JSON , and PLIST .
 The service manages configuration of Over-the-Air ( OTA ) communication settings for interaction with mobile devices , including WAP ( Wireless Application Protocol ) , IAP ( Internet Access Point ) and MMS ( MMS Access Point ) . It manages the multitude of device-specific variables needed to provide user access to advanced online , media , and data services .
 API methods support determination of device brand and model as well as user-specific settings . Methods also load settings to devices to enable application functions and provide access to help resolve user installation of settings .
 The Landmark API allows mobile companies to use landmark data and allow their customers to consume location information in text format . It takes a user's current position expressed in latitude and longitude , and returns the closest landmarks . The API uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in JSON , KML , KMZ and CSV .
 The Geolocation API from Vodafone is part of a suite of JavaScript-based widget APIs that provide mobile web applications access to the underlying hardware . The Geolocation API provides access to the device's location , likely using GPS , cell towers or WiFi .
 Google AdMob API helps you monetize your mobile app through in-app advertising . The AdMob API allows you to access the campaign , sites and applications data in your AdMob account with a secure programmatic interface . You can build custom applications using the AdMob API to help better manage your mobile business . This API provides indirect access to corresponding C++ , iOS , Android , and Unity SDKs .
 The Dwolla API provides an interface to integrate the Dwolla payments platform into a software application . Dwolla provides white labeled bank transfer payment services that includes is a simple yet powerful API for ACH transfers .
 The API provides developers with the functionality to transfer money to users , send mass payments , transfer money between users , facilitate bank verification and authorization , and retrieve transfer history . The RESTful API implements HATEOS and HAL , and responses are formatted in JSON .
 CitySourced is a real time mobile civic engagement tool . CitySourced provides 1 ) a free , simple , and intuitive tool empowering citizens to identify civic issues graffiti , trash , potholes etc. ) and report them to city hall for quick resolution ; 2 ) an opportunity for government to use technology to save money and be more accountable to those they govern ; and 3 ) a positive , collaborative platform for real civic action . The platform is called CitySourced , as it empowers ordinary citizens to crowd source solutions for common civic issues . CitySourced is powered by FreedomSpeaks and it's APIs .
 Note : Sign-up is required to view developer documentation . From their site : The GetMapping Imagery API for mobile devices will give developers access to Getmapping ’s complete archive of aerial photography of Britain , at a variety of zoom levels up to 12.5 cms per pixel . Because of the increased clarity provided by the photography , mobile users will be able to see details on the ground as small as garden furniture and road markings anywhere in the country .
 The Wigle API allows developers to query Wigle's online database of wireless access points . Wigle maps these points to provide a visualization of wireless coverage .
 [ Welcome to WeCashUp , the new way of accepting Mobile Money payments across Africa with one single integration . The WeCashUp API is based on the REST architecture and uses the conventional HTTP response codes to indicate responses returned by our API . Our architecture is highly secure , so to securely interact with the WECASHUP API , all our partners must also secure the way they use API resources . The API uses JSON data format for all responses . With WeCashUp API , you can do the following CRUD operations :
 Celitech Bee API enables online businesses , web and mobile apps to add cellular data eSIM to their offerings . The proprietary eSIM API provides wireless data service that can be shared digitally ( e.g. using activation or QR codes ) and programmed by size , start / finish dates , speed , and location to support a wide variety of use cases . The service is US-hosted and provided using Tier 1 networks in the US ( e.g. AT&T ) and globally ( e.g. Vodafone , Telefonica , Orange ) .
 BDApps is an application development platform that provides Robi network tools for monetization and messaging . BDApps is based in Bangladesh .
 The Rapyd Wallet API provides services to ; create a Rapyd Wallet , change or modify a Rapyd Wallet , retrieve the details of a Rapyd Wallet and more . Rapyd Payments provides a way to manage transactions in the Rapyd Payments service . Rapyd builds services that offer local payment methods and create a way for fintech applications to integrate functionality and scale globally .
 This is an indirect API that is accessible via the Incognia Location Behavioral Biometric SDK . It is a location technology to understand user behavior and location patterns based on network signals . It allows you to detect physical places visited by users , with data collected that is anonymized with hash and encryption techniques . It provides a way to use location behavior for identity verification and authentication , send hyper contextualized push campaigns and more . Incognia builds services to create a ubiquitous private identity that is based on location behavior , and enables a personalized frictionless experience with mobile applications and connected devices .
 VRTCAL enables advertising technologies in mobile applications . VRTCAL delivers ads to audiences which are specific to content and targeted users . The API allows developers to improve targeting and improve their effective cost per mille by specifying several parameters including geocountry , gender , keywords , and domain . The API returns JSON formatted responses .
 MedicsenAPI delivers the predicted future glucose levels of a diabetic patient for the next 120 minutes , based on information received from continuous glucose monitors , food intake , exercise and / or insulin administration . It allows to analyze how changes in patient ´s behavior affect glucose levels and thus , customize recommendations to suit their needs .
 LaunchKey Webhooks enables event-based real-time communications in third-party applications connected to Launchkey's multi-factor authentication platform . The API supports authorization , session , and device link completion events . LaunchKey provides authentication through physical authentication over paired devices , as well as optional geofencing and device-stored PINs .
 The Kayzen API retrieves advertising data for mobile marketers . It supports OAuth authentication to use a username and a password , providing an access token to make POST requests .
 This is indirect access to this service . Please refer to the corresponding SDK ’s below . The Samsung Galaxy Device API allows you to integrate the Galaxy SDK with your mobile applications . It provides a way to connect accessory devices to Samsung smart devices , control-based hardware , convenient smart modes , access specialized widgets , service components and others . This includes services for ; Edge Look , Design for Foldables , Accessory , Camera , Sensor Extension , S Pen Remote and more . Samsung Electronics is IT and Mobile Communications , Consumer Electronics and Device Solutions .
 Android APK lookup gives you a fast and easy way to determine if the Android App is malicious or unwanted , so you can block , quarantine or remove them .
 SophosLabs is a global network of analysts that are dedicated to protecting customers from known and emerging malware , ransomware , exploits and more . Sophos provides cybersecurity evolved next generation AI-powered endpoint , network and cloud security .
 The App Ape's API reveals a correlation between mobile app monthly active users ( MAU ) and corporate performance of private , pre-IPO , and public companies . App Ape solution offers indicators regarding user activity , demographics , installs , and possession numbers for any iOS / Android app . The API targets mobile apps usage with algorithms in REST API format for alternative asset managers , quant funds , and consultants . It aims to provide relevant datasets to make accurate investment decisions across private and public markets .
 AppLovin enables developers to acquire new users , gain detailed insights , and monetize their games . The AppLovin Basic Reporting API returns campaign data to publishers and advertisers in JSON or CSV format . AppLovin offers growth engine , advertising tools , and publishing support . The AppLovin API features REST architecture , and requires API Keys for authentication .
 The BidSwitch Creative Approval API retrieves data to approve creative services of buyers and suppliers . Creative version objects include approved , submitted , and unverified values . BidSwitch provides infrastructure for programmatic advertising bidding services .
 The BidSwitch Ads.txt API retrieves ads.txt information with domains mapping , domains valid , and domains invalid . A CSV file will return one file with all of the information and the . json file will contain 10 results . BidSwitch provides infrastructure for programmatic advertising bidding services .
 The Share to TikTok API is a Mobile SDK integration that allows you to add a " Share to TikTok " button to your applications . It provides a way to share short-form videos with the TikTok community . This is indirect access to this service . Please refer to the corresponding SDK below . TikTok for Developers supports services to build tools for creators and communities .
 The FedaPay API retrieves mobile payment data including checkout , transactions , refunds , payment requests , payouts , currencies , and payment methods . Developers can authenticate with an API Key to make calls that will display JSON formats in return . FedaPay is a payments service headquartered in Republic of Benin , West Africa .
 The Ooredoo Platform API provides miscellaneous store locations , the ability to find contact details and addresses for a business near you and more . This includes services for Store Locations , Directory Search and others . Ooredoo is a communications and mobile technology provider based in Qatar .
 Fritz allows mobile applications to see , hear , sense , and think with a proprietary machine learning platform . Fritz features object detection , image labeling , image segmentation , and pose estimation . Fritz is an on-device machine learning platform ( as opposed to cloud-based ) that is scalable , secure , and available offline even on airplane mode . This API provides indirect access for SDKs .
 The Amplitude Dashboard API returns chart results , user sessions , funnel analysis , real-time active users , and annotations data . Developers can use an API Key to authenticate and make calls that will display JSON formats un return . Amplitude provides product analysis for converting and retaining users .
 The Webkey API allows running an Android device from a browser . Webkey provides a screen stream of an Android device on a computer aiming to be useful in POS systems ( remote management of cashier , terminal , and digital scales ) , digital warehousing ( maintaining bar code scanners , tablets , and wearable devices ) , IT management and entertainment ( digital kiosks and set-top boxes ) , and education ( managing educational content on classroom tablets ) . Developers can use API Key to authenticate and POST and GET verbs to make API requests for tasks , operations , devices , and account management .
 The Kayzen Audience API enables users to create and edit audiences for targeted marketing in mobile apps and games . With the API , developers can create an audience on Kayzen platform . Kayzen Audience returns an audience id to manage device IDs associated with the audience . Kayzen is a mobile marketing and ad service .
 The BidSwitch API retrieves data to interconnect media in video , mobile , and visual display forms . Developers can authenticate with a token to make calls that return JSON formats . Resources include ads , sellers , reports , case studies and fact sheets , impression delivery , tracking , invoice , and private marketplaces . BidSwitch provides infrastructure for programmatic advertising bidding services .
 The Singapore National Digital Identity Trusted Services API allows users to use their NDI digital identity for a digital signature . MyInfo provides support for citizens and residents to manage personal data for online transactions . Singapore ’s National Digital Identity services enables you with access that integrate applications to digital identity data . Gov.sg provides the latest policy announcements , information and news on Singapore .
 The Singapore National Digital Identity Client Notification Webhook provides callbacks to receive digital identity data . Requests must be authenticated utilizing a bearer token . Singapore ’s National Digital Identity services ( including MyInfo ) provides support for citizens and residents to manage personal data for online transactions . Gov.sg provides the latest policy announcements , information and news on Singapore .
 The IBM Acoustic Channel Consent API allows developers to get the consent value for a given database , channel , qualifier , lookup key , or destination . This may also include an external UID , such as customerid or loyaltyid .
 The MTN Mobile Money API provides services that enable remote and automatic collection of bills fees and taxes . It allows you to automatically deposit funds to multiple users and more . Example code is available for Curl , C# , Java , JavaScript , Objective-C , PHP , Python and Ruby . MoMo is financial services that are used for personal , agency , merchant and corporate applications . The MTN Group delivers voice , data , mobile financial services and digital products across 21 countries in Africa and the Middle East .
 The mooSocial API provides a standard interface between a mooSocial community website and outside applications . JSON formats and OAuth authentication are available in this REST API . This API is available as a product plugin , and supports all mooSocial Core plugins ( Blogs , Topics , Events , … ) , Core functions ( Notification , Message , Share , Search , … ) and Bookmarks . It does not currently support payments .
 Melrose Labs Voice Gateway API enables interaction through voice ; from inbound and outbound call termination , to bridging between voice and other communication channels and applications . With Voice Gateway you can easily and effectively integrate voice into your systems . The API provides methods for allocating and listing numbers , speech to text , and text to speech functions .
 The Square Mobile Authorization API enables authorization tokens to initialize Square mobile . The Mobile Authorization API accepts an account credential such as OAuth token or Personal Access Token and location ID . It returns an authorization code that custom mobile applications initialize Square mobile solutions . This is indirect access to this service . Please refer to the corresponding Square Reader SDK below . Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online , in-person , or in-app to manage products and customers . Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances .
 The Happi QRCode Generator API enables users to generate a QR code as a base64 image . Get simple QR Codes and custom generation with colors with this API . Happi.Dev provides various APIs for developers and accepts PayPal or Bitcoin for payments .
 The Slybroadcast API provides access to the Mobilesphere / Slybroadcast ringless voicemail messaging platform to integrate third party providers . It supports data collection , data submission and audio file delivery to voicemail , to collect the audio file , the destination landline or mobile number ( s ) and the caller ID of the originating number . All requests must be submitted as a form using the POST method . Example calls are available in cURL , JQuery , Ruby , Python , Node , PHP and Go . Slybroadcast provides voicemail delivery technology to send a voice mail directly to the voicemail boxes of mobile phones .
 The IPinfo.io IP to carrier API returns JSON responses containing the probability that the specified IPs are being used exclusively for mobile carrier traffic . Responses include carrier name , and GSM network codes . This API supports JSONP responses which enable client-side specific requests . IPinfo.io also stores details for hosting providers and businesses . This API supports batch operations . IPinfo.io is a business data platform that supports over 500 million requests per day .
 The SMS DOVE API provides a way to send and receive text messages with an Android phone . It utilizes parameters for POST , Patch and GET with all HTTP requests requiring authentication using a Token . This API supports ; SMS sending , SMS bulk sending , SMS sending status callback , SMS receiving callback and more .
 The Android Neural Networks service is an Android C API that allows you to run computational operations for machine learning on mobile devices . It enables you with the ability to access a base layer of functionality for high level machine learning frameworks that build and train neural networks including ; TensorFlow Lite , Caffe2 and more . Android developers provides tools for Android handsets , Wearable OS by Google , Android TV , Android Auto , or Android Things .
 The Android NDK service allows developers to include native code in their Android application packages , that are compiled as JNI shared libraries . It is a set of tools that allows you to use C and C++ code with Android . It enables platform libraries with the ability to manage native activities and access physical device components , such as sensors and touch input . The API features tools for Asset , Audio , Bitmap , Camera , Choreographer , Configuration , Dynamic Linker and more.Please note : This provides indirect access to this service . Please refer to the corresponding SDK , below .
 Android developers provides tools for Android handsets , Wearable OS by Google , Android TV , Android Auto , or Android Things .
 The App Submission API provides a way to create new versions of your existing Android apps on the Amazon Appstore , that includes ; Edits , Edits.videos , Edits.targeting , Edits.availability and more . The API is a RESTful service to manage an Android app catalog by programmatically updating your existing applications on the Amazon Appstore . It allows you to automate the submission of new application versions , or streamline frequently performed operations such as uploading image assets or updating APK versions . Amazon is an Ecommerce , Business and Web Service Platform that provides electronic commerce and cloud computing services .
 With the Telstra Connected Things API , developers can query details and network information for your Telstra IoT SIM connected to Telstra's CAT-M1 network ( Australia's largest LPWAN network ) . This API will provide you critical information on your SIMs , data usage and session information for devices connected to Telstra's IoT networks .
 This is access to build a Salesforce UI for native mobile applications and custom web apps . Build user interfaces that allow users to get metadata and data about objects and records , to work with records , list views , actions , favorites , and more . The User Interface API provides a way to create and update that returns results in JSON . It enables you with the ability to get data and metadata about actions displayed in the Salesforce UI with some features that include ; buttons , quick actions , and productivity actions . Salesforce is a customer relationship management services company .
 The Perfecto API returns XML and JSON formats to implement testing into mobile applications . API operations include command , script , report , device host , scheduler , user and account , group , and reservation . Perfecto is a continuous testing in a DevOps environment platform .
 The Kik Webhooks API provides real-time chat messaging for users and bots . Bots can have the following features by enabling them : provide send receipts , receive messages of type read-receipt from users , receive messages of type delivery-receipt , and receive is-typing messages . Bots need to be configured by sending a POST request with the preferred URL and options .
 The Verizon ThingSpace SMS API lets applications send time sensitive information to users phones , about devices or sensor readings . The recipients phones can be on the Verizon Wireless network or on other carriers networks . The ThingSpace SMS API allows you to check the delivery status of messages , and receive other notifications about messaging . It provides a way to send SMS messages to phones with time critical information from devices , such as : Temperature threshold warnings and alerts , Sensor alerts for gas leakage , smoke , fires etc. , Outage notifications , Low-inventory warnings and more .
 The Verizon ThingSpace Device Location API provides a way to find the location of IoT devices in an account . This includes features such as ; verify fixed assets , track mobile assets , plan efficient truck routes between devices , estimate the arrival time of a delivery and more . The Device Messaging API is used with all Open Development certified IoT devices like ; routers , modems , vending machines with embedded modules , etc. to request a device's current location , or request the previous location from the cache . It allows you to compare the current and cached locations to verify that a device has not moved , or to see how far it has moved .
 The Verizon ThingSpace MapQuest Static Map API enables you to create , configure , and return a map image of almost any size through a simple HTTP request . The MapQuest Static Maps API provides a single-line address or a lat / lng for the map image to be centered over that includes ; Static Map , Place Map , and Flush Icon Service . Static Maps allows you to create , configure , and return a map image that can include custom POI icons , routes , traffic data or polygons . It provides your retail location , by using static maps without writing or embedding code .
 The Mollie Shipment API can be used to ship order lines . The Shipment API returns JSON data , notifying developers when a service was provided or digital content was delivered . Mollie is an online business payment transaction platform .
 The Mollie Subscription API requires API Key and OAuth to make JSON callbacks , offering recurring payments in return . With the API , developers can schedule amounts and intervals to create an endless subscription to charge a monthly fee . A subscription ends when the user decides . Mollie is an online business payment transaction platform .
 The Bitbar API returns XML and JSON cloud mobile development data after making HTTP requests and authenticating with API Key and OAuth2 . The API provides methods to manage project basics , testing environments , and more . Public and private users can access Swagger , use Java , Python , and Ruby SDKs , and start with cURL examples . Bitbar provides enterprise mobile DevOps and app testing services .
 The Skyhook Personas API allows developers to send mobile data to Skyhook in order to create behavioral and demographic Personas based on users' anonymized information . This service is designed to help inform advertising and user experience enhancements by providing insights into audience demographics and interests . Developers will need to contact the sales team or obtain a Skyhook key in order to use this API .
 Telnyx provides real-time and functionally diverse communication solutions that simplify the process of setting up and activating phone numbers and connections around the world . The platform also allows you to configure messaging , control VoIP and IP network functions in addition to defining the scope of real time communications . The Telnyx Communications API is deployable in a variety of specialty applications ranging from call tracking to cloud-based PBX , dynamic security , and authentication use cases . The RESTful API conveys JSON-formatted requests and responses .
 The Zloadr Professional API offers information related to legal structures of crypto assets , longevity of assets , and performance of crypto assets . This data is offered in JSON format . The API provides methods for cryptocurrency historical data , latest market quotes for one or more cryptocurrencies , listing market pairs , and more . Developers can test drive the API with a limited plan ( with a limited number of daily / monthly calls ) .
 Send and receive SMS and MMS messages globally using Telstra's enterprise grade Messaging API . It also allows your application to track the delivery status of both sent and received messages . Get your dedicated Australian number , and start sending and receiving messages today .
 The Telstra Messaging API provides the features below :
 • Broadcast Messages Invoke a single API call to send a message to a list of numbers provided in to
 • Alphanumeric Identifier-Differentiate yourself by providing an alphanumeric string in from . This feature is only available on paid plans
 • Reply Request-Create a chat session by associating messageId and to number to track responses received from a mobile number . We will store this association for 8 days
 The MessageBird HLR API provides a way to send Network Queries to any mobile number globally . It allows you to view what mobile number belongs to an operator in real time and if the number is active . MessageBird is a cloud communications platform with SMS , Voice , and Chat APIs that connect you to 7 billion phones globally .
 The Textmunication SMS API allows you to create communication services . It provides SMS aggregation between network providers for your applications text message capabilities . This RESTful API is SMS aggregation that enables you to build communication services using a post request to the server . Textmunication provides health and fitness SMS Mobile Marketing .
 The WhatsApp Business Webhooks API are user defined HTTP callbacks that are triggered by specific events . WhatsApp will see the event , collect the data , and send a notification to the Webhook URL . When a customers message is received , WhatsApp Business will send an HTTP POST request notification to the Webhook URL . This includes notifications for ; Inbound Message , Inbound Media Message , Inbound Replies to Sent Messages and more . The WhatsApp Business API provides a way for businesses to interact with and reach customers globally to connect with them on WhatsApp using end-to-end encryption . This enables messages and calls with security that allows only you and the person you're communicating with to read or listen . WhatsApp Messenger is an SMS replacement application .
 The Fono API returns JSON data about mobile device descriptions , including model brand , processor , and weight .
 This is indirect access to the RevenueCat web service . Please refer to the corresponding SDK below . The RevenueCat API provides a way to make purchases by accessing the RevenueCat mobile framework . It implements in-app building for all platforms and handles syncing purchase tokens with the RevenueCat server . RevenueCat is a mobile subscription toolkit and purchase tracking system as a service .
 The RevenueCat Webhooks API provides enhanced server-to-server RevenueCat notifications . RevenueCat can send you notifications any time an event happens in your application . RevenueCat is a mobile subscription toolkit and purchase tracking system as a service .
 NumSpy is a public API by which you can find some details of any mobile number in India . This API Will provide you JSON output so its very easy to use into your own code .
 The 1LINK . IO API allows you to create , edit and get link , simplify the access to your app providing one short link , users will be automatically redirected based on your settings , included landing page and analytics . It provides a way to automatically optimize your app presence on the web , with just one link .
 The Cisco Flare Websocket API provides streaming , real-time interactions with the Flare mobile deployment environment . The API supports setting data values , retrieval , sending action messages , and subscribing push notifications . Data is encoded in JSON format . Flare allows users to interact with things in their environment .
 AeroGear provides a cross-platform enterprise mobile development environment . AeroGear offers a user-driven platform that aims to create community-driven code . The REST API responds in JSON format , and allows access to information related to applications , metrics , registry , and more .
 The CyberSource Samsung Pay API returns mobile payment data . Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic . Samsung SDK available .
 The CyberSource Visa Pay API returns mobile payment data to integrate Visa into a system . Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic . Name-Value Pair and XML examples available .
 The CyberSource Apple Pay API returns mobile payment data . Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic . With ApplePay , developers can implement in app transactions , web transactions , and merchant initiated transactions .
 The CyberSource Android Pay returns mobile payment data . Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic . With Android Pay , enable users , request masked and full wallet , and decrypt message key .
 The Zapic API can be used to access game events , statistics , and achievements . Zapic provides an engagement platform designed for mobile gaming integrations . Zapic offers leaderboards , engaging achievements , cross application features , and a modern , integrated UI . Zapic offers dedicated support , and is free to start .
 The Syniverse OTT API stands for over the top , returning data to personalize messages , send and receive messages to and from end-users use Facebook Messenger and WeChat mobile apps . It is available in REST architecture for cross-channel messaging , template messaging , multi-country end-user engagement , rich media messaging , and 2-way messaging . Syniverse Technologies is a business telecommunications provider .
 The Syniverse Voice API returns data to call one or more recipients , supporting domestic US and Canada Local calling . Developers can make calls in JSON , previously authenticating with token . Syniverse Technologies is a business telecommunications provider .
 The Google Android Management API provides remote enterprise management of Android devices and apps . Google is a technology company that specializes in Internet-related services and products that includes online advertising technologies , search , cloud computing , software , and hardware .
 The Clickatell SOAP API offers a way to set up delivery delays , sender IDs , delivery acknowledgements , and access to Clickatell gateway escalation and queuing . This is one of seven SMS APIs offered by Clickatell and includes support for extended length messages and converters . SOAP allows for easy integration , two-way messaging and batch sending . It is compatible with HTTP / HTTPS , forming the foundation layer of the web services protocol stack , and providing a basic messaging scaffold upon which abstract layers can be built . All the APIs support text , Unicode , binary SMS and flash messaging , providing a way to send SMS messages around the world to clients , staff or user-database . Clickatell covers over 819 networks in more than 220 countries . Connecting you to the wireless world through simple integration while offering customization and personalization .
 The Kobiton mobile cloud platform supports the performance of manual or automated testing on physical iOS and Android devices . Use the Kobiton API to build a hybrid cloud that provides seamless access to both local and public cloud platforms . The API conveys JSON-formatted requests and responses .
 The Voucherify Validate Voucher Client API provides a way to verify a voucher code given by customer . It is designed for client side integration and is accessible only through public keys . This method is designed to be run directly either in web browsers or mobile apps . Voucherify allows you to manage coupon campaigns with a voucher infrastructure that enables developers with the ability to integrate digital promotions across marketing channels . This platform can be used for referral programs , promo codes , loyalty coupons , vouchers and more . Voucherify.io is a voucher infrastructure platform that is accessed through an API .
 The appScatter open API enables developers and vendor communities globally , with the ability to build their own integrations . The API allows you to query Apple App Store , Google Play store , Tencent Store and 20 + other app stores . appScatter provides registered users access to API documentation . appScatter is an app management platform that monitors 300 + app stores and picks 50 of the best performing stores to host your app .
 This Sony Websockets service provides device notification functions for the Audio Control API . To enable the connected audio product to send notifications , you can send a switchNotifications message to the audio product . The Audio Control API allows you to extend or develop applications and services , to control supported Sony audio products from another device . An application using the API could remotely control the power , volume , input source , equalizer , and music playing on a supported device . The Sony Corporation , a global innovator of audio , video , game , communications , key device and information technology products for both the consumer and professional markets .
 The Sony Audio Control RPC API provides a way to develop audio apps with control features such as ; power , volume , sound mode , functions and multi-zone . This API uses JSON-RPC , a light communication protocol with some extensions and restrictions , for use with three types of messages that include ; Set messages , Get messages and Notification messages . This allows you to set some parameters on the device , get some parameters from the device and messages sent from a device without a request from the client , to notify the client about a parameter change . The Audio Control API allows you to extend or develop applications and services to control supported Sony audio products from another device . An application using the API could remotely control the power , volume , input source , equalizer , and music playing on a supported device . Sony Mobile is a subsidiary The Sony Corporation , a global innovator of audio , video , game , communications , key device and information technology products for both the consumer and professional markets .
 The ASOdesk API allows for exploration and analysis of tons of data from 60 + countries in the App Store and Google Play application marketplaces . Data returned includes : Title , description , short description , icon , screenshots , promotext , ratings , keywords , reviews , competitors , and statistics . ASOdesk provides App Store Optimization ( ASO ) services for developers , companies and other professionals .
 The Google Poly API is a REST API that provides read access to assets in the Poly library.Poly is an online library where people can browse , share , and remix 3D assets . An asset is a 3D model or scene created using Tilt Brush , Blocks , or any 3D program that produces a file that can be uploaded to Poly . Many assets are licensed under the CC BY license , which means developers can use them in their apps , free of charge , as long as the creator is given credit . There are thousands of assets available for use at poly.google.com .
 All calls to the Poly API must include credentials . Credentials are used by Poly to identify your app and enforce usage limits . Credentials for the Poly API , like other Google APIs , are managed through the Google APIs Console . A Google Account is required to receive credentials . There are different types of credentials : API Key and OAuth ( 2.0 ) client ID .
 The dashboard in the Google APIs Console lets you monitor and manage access to the Poly API.The Poly API has a default quota of 10 queries-per-second ( QPS ) , per API key or client id . Most assets on Poly are remixable and , thus , published under CC BY license . You are free to copy , modify , and use remixable assets for any purpose , as long as you give appropriate credit to the licensor .
 There are two scenarios for using Yandex Checkout to receive payments in mobile apps : using Yandex Checkout payment forms , or using the API for Apps .
 Payment forms are easier to integrate , and they allow you to receive payments in all the ways that are available according to your agreement with Yandex Checkout . However , you can only get data from Yandex Money on the server or by email . The API only lets you receive payments from a user's Wallet or from bank cards , but , allows you to process payment information directly in the app .
 Yandex is one of the largest internet companies in Europe , operating Russia's most popular search engine . Yandex provides user-centric products and services based on the latest innovations in information retrieval , machine learning and machine intelligence to a worldwide customer audience on all digital platforms and devices .
 The SimpleApps Prophet 21 REST API can access eCommerce data , such as site workflow , user experience , marketing , analytics , and content management . It requires OAuth 1.0 for authentication . SimpleWeb E-Commerce provides eCommerce software , including SimpleApps . Prophet 21 ( or P21 ) , is a Microsoft Windows based software package for wholesale distribution from Epicor software .
 The Curbside ARRIVE Webhooks service lets you register a URL that Curbside will notify when critical events occur . Receive customer-arrival events that will send push notification alerts to your monitor app and integrates arrival events with your POS infrastructure . Arrive is a mobile commerce on the go technology , that will notify your employees when your customers pull up . It uses the shopper ’s smartphone to provide real-time alerts to store employees as customers approach . Use cases can be applied in restaurant take-out , same-day delivery , reserve online , try-on in-store , Curbside Pickup , Mobile Order Ahead and Appointment Check-in and more . Curbside ARRIVE provides Get notifications to any in-store system , POS or device via Webhooks , SMS or by using our SDK . Curbside connects online commerce to local retail , building software that helps get products to customers in real-time .
 The Google Activity Recognition API will enable you to detect users' activity using low power signals from multiple sensors in the device . It automatically detects activities by periodically reading short bursts of sensor data and processing them using machine learning models . Google Developers provides APIs , software development tools , and technical resources that allow communication with Google Services and their integration to other services . Google is a technology company that specializes in Internet-related services and products that includes online advertising technologies , search , cloud computing , software , and hardware .
 The Wakanda SSJS API is available through the globally exposed object directory to handle all kind of authentication and session management operations . The Directory interface documentation gives more details about the available methods and properties of this object . The Wakanda service allows you to develop mobile and web projects for your companies , build rich data-driven applications for mobile and Web , integrate legacy data and 3rd party APIs into a standard restful API and more . Wakanda is a FullStack JavaScript Platform to develop Mobile and Web Apps .
 The Mendix Stories API allows you to retrieve , create and update the sprints , stories and tasks in your Mendix projects . The available parameters include ; Microflow CreateStory , Microflow CreateSprint , Microflow UpdateTask and more . Mendix provides a way to transform ideas into applications .
 The Mendix Projects API allows you to programmatically create a project in your company space and move working copies between the Team Server and the Model Server . The operations that are available include ; CreateNewApp , RetrieveJobStatus , ExposeTeamServerRevision and more . Mendix provides a way to transform ideas into applications .
 The Mendix Profile API is an App Service that allows your AppCloud applications to retrieve profile information of their users from the Mendix platform . The service is part of the AppCloudServices module , which is available from the App Store and is also included in the default themes when creating a new application . Mendix provides a way to transform ideas into applications .
 The Mendix Permissions API is an App Service that allows retrieving the user roles a specific user has in your application . It requires the EnvironmentUUID and EnvironmentPassword parameters to authenticate and authorize requests ; the values for these should come from constants from the AppCloudServices module with the same name . Mendix provides a way to transform ideas into applications .
 The Mendix Build API allows you to manage deployment packages and create new deployment packages using the Mendix build server . It retrieves all deployment packages that are available for a specific app that the authenticated user has access to . Mendix provides a way to transform ideas into applications .
 The 360 Payments Velox eCommerce API provides customized web-based payment processing methods that significantly reduces a merchant's PCI footprint without sacrificing end-user look and feel . It includes ; Query , Direct Post , Three-Step Redirect and more . It allows merchants to download a detailed stream of transaction data that can then be used to create reports and analytics . Velox is an integrated payments experience for businesses that features state-of-the-art security , and mobile flexibility that is powered by 360 Payments .
 The Indogsm Cell Phone Tracker API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Indogsm with other applications . Public documentation is not available . Indogsm provides cell phone tracking capabilities in Indonesia and SE Asia .
 This API allows you to process Vantiv services via the Hosted Payments solution on the Express payment platform . It provides a way to process a single sale transaction and store card data in PASS to tokenize . Express is a server-side web-service application that communicates over secure HTTPS links to the Internet . Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions , payment applications for a mobile application , next generation POS , and eCommerce website solutions , for various partners , as well as the customers they serve .
 This Vantiv Cloud Lane API provides a way to see all the lanes currently associated with your account , generate a new activation code for your PIN pad , reconfigure PIN pad and more . TriPOS Cloud enables you to solve security and EMV challenges without installing local software to drive payment device communication that supports point-to-point encryption security . Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions , payment applications for a mobile application , next generation POS , and eCommerce website solutions , for various partners , as well as the customers they serve .
 Worldpay , Inc . Formerly Vantiv is an American payment processing and technology provider . They provide online or in-store payment processing solutions , payment applications for a mobile application , next-generation POS , and eCommerce website solutions , for various partners , as well as the customers they serve .
 The Vantiv triPOS Express SOAP service allows you to generate either an XML or SOAP request when using the Express API . This includes ; request to the Express API , request for a Credit Card Sale transaction , request for a Credit Card Sale transaction and more . Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions , payment applications for a mobile application , next generation POS , and eCommerce website solutions , for various partners , as well as the customers they serve .
 Visa Consumer Transaction Control ( CTC ) affords consumers the flexibility of determining the frequency and preferences of using their cards . The CTC platform allows issuers to provide a channel through which cardholders can manage features , such as block and alerts , on their cards using their mobile banking apps or web applications . The Visa Customer Rules API supports the integration of the CTC functionality in apps . The API conveys responses and requests in JSON format .
 The Visa Mobile Location Confirmation service API makes it easier for Visa Card issuers to access enhanced security features including Authorization score and VisaNet ’s location match Indicator . Although the API ’s sandbox environment is accessible by any developer , its production environment is restricted to Visa issuers because the issuers can access the enhanced score and Location Match Indicator only through the VisaNet authorization message . The API sends requests and returns responses in JSON format .
 Aimtell is a web-based application that works in most web browsers , which means you don't need to download or install any software on your computer . Some Rest features include , Get All Websites , Get Subscribers , Get Segment , Create Campaign and more . Aimtell is a tracking and notification software that is installed on your web site . It allows you to have users opt-in to receiving notifications to your site while simultaneously tracking anonymous information . Aimtell helps marketers re-engage website visitors with targeted mobile and desktop push notifications that are sent to clients , customers , and other interested parties .
 The Under Armour Webhooks API allows consumers to receive notifications about events involving their users , that may be sent to any secure URL maintained by the consumer . Some features include ; turn-key and state-of-the-art , optimized for insights over information , driven by social experiences , inspires athletic performance and more .
 The platform powers Under Armour partners and developers , along with a full suite of Under Armour applications : Under Armour Record , MapMyFitness , MapMyRun , MapMyRide , MapMyWalk , and MapMyHike . Under Armour is a provider of performance apparel gear that is engineered to keep athletes cool , dry and light throughout the course of a game , practice or workout . Under Armour provides a platform that aspires to make athletes better through passion , design and the relentless pursuit of innovation .
 This DreamFactory SOAP service provides clients with REST-based access to XML-based SOAP remote services , that converts the client request ( JSON , etc. ) to a SOAP request to the remote service , and the SOAP response to a easily consumed client response ( JSON ) . DreamFactory takes the service's configured WSDL file and auto-generates a Live API service definition , determining available resources , required payloads , returned data types , and scriptable events . DreamFactory is an open source REST API backend for mobile , web , and IoT applications . It is a middleware platform that enables developers with the ability to connect to any data source and get a palette of secure , reliable , and customizable REST APIs for their projects .
 This DreamFactory API provides a way to send push notifications to your Apps running on iOS and Android devices . This includes support for AWS Simple Push Notification ( SNS ) service , Apple Push Notification Service ( APNS ) and Google Cloud Messaging ( GCM ) service . This service allows DreamFactory to be used as your push notification provider . Your App can register user devices on DreamFactory , then send the notification targeting an App , and all devices registered under that App will receive the push notification . DreamFactory is an open source REST API backend for mobile , web , and IoT applications . It is a middleware platform that enables developers with the ability to connect to any data source and get a palette of secure , reliable , and customizable REST APIs for their projects .
 This API requires indirect access via SDK . Please see the SDK tab below for more information . ARCore provides SDKs for many of the most popular development environments . These SDKs provide native APIs for all of the essential AR features like motion tracking , environmental understanding , and light estimation . With these features you can build entirely new AR experiences or enhance existing apps with AR features . Google Developers offer a wide range of services for you to build high-quality apps , grow and retain an active user base , and tap into developers tools .
 Halosys provides a single Unified Enterprise Mobile Enablement platform that enables businesses to build , secure , manage and deploy an enterprise wide mobile applications portfolio . API access and documentation are only available with permission from the provider .
 The RouteMobile API returns communications data for mobile devices such as messaging and voice . The documentation that is available for download includes SOAP Web Service , RML DLL , Bulk HTTP , INDIA-PLUS , Desktop , Web Client , Excel Java , Android , Blackberry , and Push resources .
 The CheckMobi API returns verifying data for mobile communications , including caller , SMS , and interactive voice response . It is available in HTTP methods with any programming language to interact via API . In addition , CheckMobi provides SDKs for iOS and Android devices .
 The Spryng SMS API returns SMS data to implement into business applications . Developers can authenticate with HTTP and use the SDKs in PHP and C# languages . Spryng SMS allows sending SMS , receiving SMS , and integrating SMS . For support , contact info@spryng.nl
 The triPOS Cloud API provides resources for developers that build integrated payment applications . It allows you to create products for your merchants to solve security and EMV challenges without installing local software to drive payment device communication that supports point-to-point encryption security , delivers hardware and an effortless pairing process , with a device and POS for merchant installation . Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions , payment applications for a mobile application , next generation POS , and eCommerce website solutions , for various partners , as well as the customers they serve .
 The Vyking API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Vyking with other applications . Public documentation is not available ; API access comes with account service . Vyking provides mobile immersive advertising platforms and solutions .
 The LabsMobile API returns data of SMS campaigns . It is available in HTTP GET , HTTP POST , Web Service , and SMTP versions . Developers can download documentation manuals and contact info@labsmobile.com for additional implementation information .
 The CRM System API will handle your contacts in the TargetEveryone ´s system . TargetEveryOne is an all in one digital mobile campaign creation platform to create , design , distribute and analyze mobile campaigns and landing pages . It is an interactive web based content management system to design your digital ads and provides a way to create , distribute and analyze mobile campaigns with a drag and drop online solution .
 The TargetEveryOne Distribution System API allows you to distribute a campaign to one or many contacts via SMS or Email . TargetEveryOne is an all in one digital mobile campaign creation platform to create , design , distribute and analyze mobile campaigns and landing pages . It is an interactive web based content management system to design your digital ads and provides a way to create , distribute and analyze mobile campaigns with a drag and drop online solution .
 The TargetEveryOne Template System API allows you to build predefined templates for getting customers to engage with offers that can be an opt-in form on your webpage . TargetEveryOne is an all in one digital mobile campaign creation platform to create , design , distribute and analyze mobile campaigns and landing pages . It is an interactive web based content management system to design your digital ads and provides a way to create , distribute and analyze mobile campaigns with a drag and drop online solution .
 The TargetEveryOne Analytics and Statistics System module lets you access the statistical data that your campaign generates . TargetEveryOne is an all in one digital mobile campaign creation platform to create , design , distribute and analyze mobile campaigns and landing pages . It is an interactive web based content management system to design your digital ads and provides a way to create , distribute and analyze mobile campaigns with a drag and drop online solution .
 The Twizo API returns data of secure 2-factor authentication via a variety of authentication methods some of which are paid for and some of which are 100 % free . Services also include number lookup and messaging .
 This Mastercard API is a consumer-initiated mobile payment solution that enables you to make convenient , secure payments for everyday purchases . It allows making cashless payments from your smartphone , by simply scanning a Masterpass QR code at any merchant location that accepts Masterpass . MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals , Business , Travel and Leisure , Airlines , Telecommunications , Retail , Gaming , Entertainment and more . For support , contact https://developer.mastercard.com/support
 This Mobile API allows you to receive the Title , Image , Publisher , Price , Main Category , Main Category ID , and Rating for a requested app and Receive a list of all mobile apps from the App Store or Play Store , that relates to a given domain . SimilarWeb provides global multi-device market intelligence to understand , track and grow your digital market share .
 The Augur Insights API allows developers to gather on-demand and real-time data on device owners . Developers can use the API to access and integrate the functionality of Augur with other applications . Public documentation is not available ; API access comes with account service . Augur provides device and user recognition functionalities .
 Mastercard Qkr is a mobile payments platform that allows consumers to order and pay for goods and services using their smart device . It enables partners to embed merchant embedded Masterpass registration , card management and checkout flows directly into their mobile commerce apps . Generate sales reports and view real time analytics , gather and respond to consumer feedback , manage your product inventory and your customer experience . Some functions include ; Pay-at-Table , Open Tab , Order ahead and more . MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals , Business , Travel and Leisure , Airlines , Telecommunications , Retail , Gaming , Entertainment and more .
 The KudiSMS REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of KudiSMS with other applications . Some example API methods include sending SMS text messages to single or multiple recipients , managing contact information , and managing user information . KudiSMS provides bulk SMS text services in Nigeria .
 The IMwallet Recharge API allows developers to integrate online mobile recharge services into their websites and applications . IMwallet connects to all major prepaid recharge facilities in India , including all mobile operators , DTH operators , and data card operators . They also provide domestic money transfers and bill payment services for postpaid , landline , gas , electric , water , and insurance bills . IMwallet is payment Processing wallet Company which provides Telecom Recharge and Bill Payment API . We Provide all Operator Mobile Recharge , DTH Recharge , Postpaid Recharge API and also have All State Electricity Bill API's .
 TeleSign's Voice service is a REST API that allows you to easily send voice messages , alerts , reminders , and notifications , or send verification messages containing time-based one-time passcodes ( TOTP ) . TeleSign provides a way to build communications and account security into your web and mobile apps . It is a cloud communications platform that empowers Web and mobile app developers the ability to build powerful and secure communication products using a dynamic platform with a large global network . TeleSign supports numerous use cases from SMS and voice messaging , two-factor authentication ( 2FA ) , one-time passwords ( OTPs ) , data intelligence , fraud scoring and more .
 The SMS Verify API delivers phone-based verification and two-factor authentication ( 2FA ) using a time-based , one-time passcode ( TOTP ) sent over SMS . It allows you to send SMS messages for account security and business critical communications . Some features include ; Send custom messages , Send standard or custom messages containing a random verification code , Send standard or custom messages in a variety of languages and more . TeleSign provides a way to build communications and account security into your web and mobile apps . It is a cloud communications platform that empowers Web and mobile app developers the ability to build powerful and secure communication products using a dynamic platform with a large global network . TeleSign supports numerous use cases from SMS and voice messaging , two-factor authentication ( 2FA ) , one-time passwords ( OTPs ) , data intelligence , fraud scoring and more .
 The Score API is a REST service that delivers reputation scoring based on phone number intelligence , traffic patterns , machine learning , and a global data consortium . The Score web service provides risk information about a specified phone number alongside the data elements you would normally see returned by the PhoneID API . The score and risk level details returned are Level , Recommendation and Score . TeleSign provides a way to build communications and account security into your web and mobile apps . It is a cloud communications platform that empowers Web and mobile app developers the ability to build powerful and secure communication products using a dynamic platform with a large global network . TeleSign supports numerous use cases from SMS and voice messaging , two-factor authentication ( 2FA ) , one-time passwords ( OTPs ) , data intelligence , fraud scoring and more .
 The PhoneID service is a REST API that provides a cleansed phone number , phone type , and telecom carrier information that can be used to determine which phone numbers are a potential fraud risk , and what the best communication method for a phone number is ( voice , SMS ) . It provides a cleansed phone number , phone type , and telecom carrier information that can be used to determine which phone numbers are a potential fraud risk , and what the best communication method for a phone number is ( voice , SMS ) . TeleSign provides a way to build communications and account security into your web and mobile apps . It is a cloud communications platform that empowers Web and mobile app developers the ability to build powerful and secure communication products using a dynamic platform with a large global network . TeleSign supports numerous use cases from SMS and voice messaging , two-factor authentication ( 2FA ) , one-time passwords ( OTPs ) , data intelligence , fraud scoring and more .
 The Recruitee Careers Site API provides a way to show company ’s jobs and add new candidates to jobs . It allows you to access answers for the job ’s questions and includes ; name , email , phone and more . Recruitee are a team of tech-loving entrepreneurs that provides a modern applicant tracking system that is a simple , collaborative hiring platform .
 The Recruitee Private API provides a way to show company ’s jobs and add new candidates to jobs . It allows you to access answers for the job ’s questions and includes ; name , email , phone and more . The API requires authorization and all requests must have valid auth_token . Recruitee are a team of tech-loving entrepreneurs that provides a modern applicant tracking system that is a simple , collaborative hiring platform .
 The Recruitee Public API provides a way to show company's jobs and add new candidates to jobs . It allows you to access answers for the job's questions and includes ; name , email , phone and more . The API does not require authorization , all you need is your company's subdomain . Recruitee are a team of tech-loving entrepreneurs that provides a modern applicant tracking system that is a simple , collaborative hiring platform .
 The Eristica Game API supports the integration of interactive and engagement functionalities in game applications . The API allows developers to provide players with greater flexibility for sharing games through social networks , participating in challenges , and setting betting preferences . Developers seeking to access the API are required to email Eristica for further instructions .
 The Cisco Flare API simplifies the deployment of a mobile device as an interactive portal for accessing other devices and functional parameters within a particular environment . It is a RESTful API that supports the use of mobile devices to discover gadgets and support connectivity to the operational infrastructure existing in a given environment . The API functionally designed to simultaneously deploy a variety of location technologies alongside real-time communications capabilities to deliver top notch interactive experiences for users .
 The Urban Airship Connect API is available in JSON objects over HTTP formats . Developers can use the API to stream events that display a user experience in a mobile application . Events include user actions , automated responses , and push notifications . Urban Airship provides mobile marketing automation services .
 Instructure is a leading provider of innovative education software solutions for K-12 and higher education domains . The Instructure Canvas Mobile APP API supports the development of learning management systems and classroom applications for students and teachers . The API that supports Android and iOS mobile apps provides information to academic information such as announcements , conversations , discussions , assignments , files , people , and quizzes , among others .
 The Mozilla Settings API supports the selection and management of preferred settings in mobile devices and smartphones . It allows developers to provide access and change options as well as settings parameters for monitoring devices . The API is only accessible to certified applications due to the sensitive nature of system information . The Mozilla Settings API does not conform to W3C standards , and is supported on Firefox OS . This feature is not part of any specification .
 The Mozilla Mobile Connection API is useful for building tools that determine the connectivity statuses of mobile devices and provide access to the functionalities within the Integrated Circuit Card ( ICC ) . It is a certified API due to the sensitive nature of information contained in the ICC . The API is used to prescribe appropriate methods for handling ICC functionalities including card lock , MMI messages , and call forwarding options . This API does not conform to the W3C standards , but it is supported by Firefox OS , and is not part of any specification .
 The Mozilla Web Activities API allows an application to delegate the performance of tasks , such as image selection or email forwarding , to another application chosen by the user . Developers use the API to provide interfaces for implementing seamless transfer of tasks from the app that delegates an activity to the one that handles the task . The API is currently compatible with only Firefox OS .
 The Mozilla Idle API provides a power saving module that is programmed to convey signals to an app whenever a device such as a mobile phone is not in use . The app in turn instructs the devise to retreat to idle mode and save power consumption . The Mozilla Idle API does not conform to W3C standards , and is supported on Firefox OS . This feature is not part of any specification .
 The Mozilla Mobile Messaging ( WebSMS ) API simplifies the integration of tools that implement messaging concepts in web content . Once integrated in applications , the API facilitates the exploitation of create , send , and receive message properties in web content in addition to manipulating the SMS and the MMS functionalities . The API ’s mobile browser support is currently restricted to Firefox Mobile ( Gecko ) and Firefox OS . The Mozilla Mobile Messaging API does not conform to W3C standards . This feature is not part of any specification .
 Unlike devices , screens have inbuilt capacity for detecting changes in orientation . But devices are not equipped with automated mechanisms for controlling screen orientation . The Mozilla Screen Orientation API provides CSS and JavaScript mechanisms for controlling screen orientations . It enables a device to implement content adjustment using CSS relative to either landscape or portrait mode of a screen . Developers can alternatively use JavaScript screen orientation to get and lock a screen's current orientation . The API currently supports only Firefox OS and Firefox Android mobile browsers . It is still a beta release and subject to future changes .
 This is a RESTful API to the GSMA API Directory and returns ; search across all fields on the API , Tls support of the API , Status of API either coming soon or live , API provider and more . GSMA represents the interests of mobile operators worldwide , uniting nearly 800 operators with almost 300 companies in the broader mobile ecosystem .
 The Burner API enables programmatic access to core telephony functions like sending and receiving messages and media , as well as the " business logic " layer the company spent years building .
 Developers can also take advantage of this API to embed Burner's basic and enhanced calling and messaging experiences into their apps via OAuth . Your users get all the benefits and features of our top-rated voice and messaging client ( and the support and business functions that stand behind it ) , while you get all the benefits of controlling the phone number at the network level . In effect , you can treat the Burner app itself as a service , rather than building your own " last mile " on top of a bare-bones telephony API .
 This is the Mixpanel HTTP Tracking API . It provides a way for you to analyze the actions people take in your application . This can include someone uploading a picture , playing a video , or sharing a post and returns events and properties . Mixpanel provides advanced analytics platform for mobile and web .
 The Mobile Connect Discovery API authenticates users and provides details of the home operator . Developers can configure mobile data to perform callbacks in JSON format , using client ID and client secret as the main authorization methods .
 The Placer REST API supports the construction of mobile applications that implement location-based tracking concepts including round the clock location tracking and generation of timelines and analytics of a user ’s favorite places such as home , workplace , and content . The API allows developers to add contextual geofencing capabilities in applications that chronicle users ’ activities in identified or favorite places . This API sends requests in HTTP format and returns responses in JSON format .
 The Exponent API provides mobile application development , providing indirect access via SDKs . As an open source UI initiative , developers can integrate contacts , camera , and social login into Android and iOS applications . For additional information , contact support@getexponent.com
 OpenStack is a provider of various open source project components that facilitate the establishment of cloud services . The organization provides standard APIs that are well suited for multiple implementations , including the multi-tenant , fast , and scalable Messaging Service for implementing simultaneous performance of secure message distribution tasks . The deployment of the OpenStack Messaging Service API allows developers to distribute messages among different components of their SaaS and mobile apps . Developers can implement different types of communication patterns using the API .
 The Data Partner API provides a way for PushSpring to ingest partner data and make it available for PushSpring Audience Console customers to use when building custom segments . It allows a data partner to define a set of Attributes associated with mobile advertising identifiers for IDFA and Google Play Ad Id . PushSpring provides mobile app audience data and audience intelligence tools for publishers and advertisers .
 The Truly REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Truly with other applications . Public documentation is not available ; API access comes with account service . Truly provides phone services over desktop and mobile .
 The MXMerchant API available by invite code can integrate payments into merchant applications , aiming to simplify inventory , rewards , and order management with a dashboards' view . The REST interface is available with HTTP requests to receive JSON and XML formats , authenticating with basic HTTP . Sandbox and cURL examples are accessible for developers interested in practicing before moving to production .
 This API provides a browser-based development environment as a service . It provides Cordova development without any setup , right from your Web browser . Monaca is a leading HTML5 development platform that gives developers the power to create rich UI PhoneGap apps that run at native speed .
 The iSendPro SMS is a professional bulk messaging solution for both text and voice SMS . The API supports the transmission of SMS to a single recipient or multiple recipients using mobile devices and fixed line telephones . Some of its functional features include : directory management , blacklist addition , text characters count , multi-contact campaigns , and detection of spamming numbers . A developer must sign up for iSendPro account to be able to access , integrate , and use the API to send SMSs to more than 200 countries . The RESTful API sends requests in HTTp format and returns responses in JSON and XML format .
 Burst SMS UK is a bulk sms messaging service that provides an easy way to send bulk SMS and manage SMS marketing campaigns in the United Kingdom . Features of the service include message personalization fields ; auto bounce management and database cleaning ; automatic and manual opt-outs ; and SMS templates .
 Burst SMS offers an REST API that enables developers to integrate the ability to send and receive SMS into their applications . API methods include SMS , Lists , Numbers , Transactions , Email , and Keywords .
 Burst SMS New Zealand is a bulk sms messaging service that provides an easy way to send bulk SMS and manage SMS marketing campaigns in New Zealand . Features of the service include message personalization fields ; auto bounce management and database cleaning ; automatic and manual opt-outs ; and SMS templates .
 Burst SMS offers an REST API that enables developers to integrate the ability to send and receive SMS into their applications . API methods include SMS , Lists , Numbers , Transactions , Email , and Keywords .
 Burst SMS Deutschland is a bulk sms messaging service that provides an easy way to send bulk SMS and manage SMS marketing campaigns in Germany . Features of the service include message personalization fields ; auto bounce management and database cleaning ; automatic and manual opt-outs ; and SMS templates .
 Burst SMS offers an REST API that enables developers to integrate the ability to send and receive SMS into their applications . API methods include SMS , Lists , Numbers , Transactions , Email , and Keywords .
 With the Orange Flexible Datasync API , users can boost real-time application development with an Orange backend that is adaptable to IoT , mobile , social , and collaborative services . The Flexible Datasync API is available on a special portal where all relevant resources can be accessed . Orange is a global telecommunication company that provides IT and telecommunications services .
 The Orange SMS Botswana API gives developers a way to let their customers send automatic SMS from their digital service to other users . With this REST API , users can send SMS from their applications and buy SMS bundles , with their own SIM card in Botswana . Orange is a global telecommunication company that provides IT and telecommunications services .
 The Amazon Web Services Pinpoint REST API supports HAL format to make HTTP requests and JSON format to receive responses . Amazon Pinpoint is a web service campaign management service that provides user behavior and identifies opportunities for user engagement . It uses AppID for authentication via Facebook , Amazon , and Google .
 The Orange Money Web Payment API boosts e-commerce in Africa by offering users services to accept online payments . With this API , Orange Money merchants can benefit from other services for web payment as well , such as tax collection , school fees , donations , and more . This API can be easily integrated . Access to the Orange Money Web Payment API must be requested by applying at : https://partner.orange.com/apply-orange-money/ . Orange is a global telecommunication company that provides IT and telecommunications services .
 The Orange Direct Carrier Billing Europe API provides users an efficient way to incorporate billing digital services while increasing revenue across Europe . This API can be integrated easily into the payment process , and is for digital goods or services for micro-payments . Access to the Direct Carrier Billing Europe API must be requested by filling out the form at : https://partner.orange.com/apply-for-direct-billing/ . Orange is a global telecommunication company that provides IT and telecommunications services .
 Orange Direct Carrier Billing Africa and Middle-East provides users an efficient way to incorporate billing digital services while increasing revenue in Africa and the Middle-East . This API can be integrated easily into the payment process . Access to the Direct Carrier Billing Africa and Middle-East API must be requested by filling out the form at : https://partner.orange.com/apply-for-direct-carrier-billing-in-mea/ . Orange is a global telecommunication company that provides IT and telecommunications services .
 Hotmob is an advertising platform based in Hong Kong which delivers mobile portals with innovative interactions . Hotmob provides services for both advertisers and app publishers such as advertisement design , planning , implementation , serving , tracking and reporting . Hotmob's proprietary ad-serving infrastructure , Mobile Advertising Marketplace ( MAM ) , offers multi-platform management and measurement tools for affiliates . For API documentation , submit a form at http://www.hot-mob.com/contact/
 This is an unofficial API that allows you to query the Google Play store programatically . It's completely free to use . You can search for an android app , and receive back in JSON format , data about that app , including imagery , description , rating , author info , and links .
 The Cloud App Licenser API manages licenses and in-app credits for native and hybrid mobile apps . It provides a simple alternative to proprietary app store systems . Cloud App Licenser allows developers to use a single licensing service for all platforms and includes detailed error messages and error logs for debugging purposes .
 The Orange Mobile Connect Spain-Limited API , based on Mobile Connect standard , provides developers tools from the Orange authentication to use with your service . It offers the full power and security of Orange authentication . Users get to experience sign in without login and passwords with a user authentication and identity service based on the OpenID Connect / OAuth2 standards . Orange is a global telecommunication company that provides IT and telecommunications services .
 The Orange Mobile Connect Spain API gives users tools to connect with Orange customers and quickly authenticate users . This is done securely and without the need for user names and passwords . Along with the benefits of the Customers Authentication API , Mobile Connect helps with management of sign-in and consent of users . Orange is a global telecommunication company that provides IT and telecommunications services .
 The OnVerify API allows developers to automatically perform phone-based verification using SMS or push messages . Recipients are given a verification code that they can enter on the developer's website to complete verification . OnVerify works with all phone types and all destinations worldwide and is available in multiple languages , including English , Spanish , German , French , Italian , and more .
 Burst SMS Singapore is a bulk sms messaging service that provides an easy way to send bulk SMS and manage SMS marketing campaigns in Singapore . Features of the service include message personalization fields ; auto bounce management and database cleaning ; automatic and manual opt-outs ; and SMS templates .
 Burst SMS offers an REST API that enables developers to integrate the ability to send and receive SMS into their applications . API methods include SMS , Lists , Numbers , Transactions , Email , and Keywords .
 Burst SMS USA is a bulk sms messaging service that provides an easy way to send bulk SMS and manage SMS marketing campaigns in the United States . Features of the service include message personalization fields ; auto bounce management and database cleaning ; automatic and manual opt-outs ; and SMS templates .
 Burst SMS offers an REST API that enables developers to integrate the ability to send and receive SMS into their applications . API methods include SMS , Lists , Numbers , Transactions , Email , and Keywords .
 Burst SMS Hong Kong is a bulk sms messaging service that provides an easy way to send bulk SMS and manage SMS marketing campaigns in Hong Kong . Features of the service include message personalization fields ; auto bounce management and database cleaning ; automatic and manual opt-outs ; and SMS templates .
 Burst SMS offers an REST API that enables developers to integrate the ability to send and receive SMS into their applications . API methods include SMS , Lists , Numbers , Transactions , Email , and Keywords .
 Burst SMS Philippines is a bulk sms messaging service that provides an easy way to send bulk SMS and manage SMS marketing campaigns in the Philippines . Features of the service include message personalization fields ; auto bounce management and database cleaning ; automatic and manual opt-outs ; and SMS templates .
 Burst SMS offers an REST API that enables developers to integrate the ability to send and receive SMS into their applications . API methods include SMS , Lists , Numbers , Transactions , Email , and Keywords .
 The Heyzap Campaigns API integrates ad campaigns into applications . It is available to access via API Key to interact with the endpoint that returns CSV responses . Practical uses of the API include campaign details , statistics , and device IDs .
 The Aptexx Mobile Payments API provides developers a simple , mobile-optimized PCI-compliant payment processing system right out of the box . With this API , customers are given more payment options . Aptexx is a mobile payment and messaging service that works to empower property managers and residents with their services .
 The MobileEngine API offers an image recognition platform optimized for images taken from a mobile device . The API quickly and accurately matches a user-submitted image to your collection of photos or product images . This can be used to identify pictures of books , wallpapers , magazines , CD covers , artwork and more . MobileEngine is designed to take into account common effects that occur when taking photos with mobile devices , including rotation , occlusion , perspective projection , changing lighting conditions , warps , blurs , flips and crops .
 The Unbill API allows developers to receive user-authorized bill data , such as the latest balance and due date information . The API also lets developers make payments on behalf of the user via credit , debit , or ACH . Autopay is provided as well . Unbill supports over 4,000 billers for recurring expenses such as rent , electricity , phone services , loans , and TV .
 The MapQuest Observer API allows clients to receive GPS observations generated from mobile applications using the MapQuest Tracking SDKs on a second by second basis . It provides a way for clients to curate the stream of information by defining predicates expressed as query parameters . This streaming service can render data in a variety of formats . Parameters are available to perform filtering on attributes such as location and speed . MapQuest is a location-enabled Geospatial solution that provides tools for mapping items such as reservations , recommendations to routes , reroutes and more .
 The Quriiri REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Quriiri with other applications . Some example API methods include sending messages , retrieving responses , and retrieving messaging reports . Quriiri is a Finnish SMS gateway that allows for sending and receiving SMS messages .
 Moovit offers transit directions for 800 cities in 60 countries . Information is combined from public transportation operators , and the user community to provide travelers with live data . Moovit features OmniSearch to discover the best routes , arrival times , and personalization for instant trip planning . Users can get a variety of transit options to reach specific destinations . For support , contact https://www.developers.moovit.com/contact?utm_medium=Organic&utm_source=company_website
 The Apifaketory API is a gateway to a database of broad categories of content . It processes random data of a variety of bundled items that include : demographic profiles of correspondents , published blog posts , descriptive parameters of personal finance transactions , and markers of geographic locations . The API is capable of filtering the profiles of multiple users on the basis of personal details such as locations , billing entries , and other demographic details . The RESTful API returns JSON-formatted responses .
 The Afilnet Cloud Marketing API links Afilnet subscriber to a portfolio of communication channels , including emails , SMS , and voice calls . Each of these channels features five functionalities for sending message to a particular recipient , sending message to group recipients , sending message from template to particular recipient , sending message from template to group recipient , and getting notification of delivery statuses of sent messages . The API ’s simple architecture readily accommodates app development programs and easily processes JSON responses . The Afilnet Cloud Marketing API generates calls in the HTTP GET method and returns responses in JSON format .
 The Roq.ad Cross-Device User Identification API lets users submit a list of device identifiers and get back a list of identifiers that belong to the same users as those on the input list . Roq.ad's technology can match devices to people and people to households . This service complies with Germany's consumer privacy laws .
 The CleverTap API integrates engagement into mobile applications . Requests and responses are available via JSON and REST protocols , using a secure HTTPS environment . Clevertap provides a platform for user behavior analytics and personalized messaging for mobile applications .
 The Payleven Point Pay API integrates payments into web services and mobile applications . It provides multi-channel developer support and EMV / PCI certified bluetooth card reader . Contact Sign up to receive API Key at https://service.payleven.com/uk/developer?product=pointpay
 The Twin Prime Data API provides users with programmatic access to rich client and network data collected by Twin Prime , including data and metrics about end users' mobile app performance and usage . Twin Prime is a service that analyzes real-time network data to help users deliver their content faster to any location , device , and network .
 The OnTop Notification API allows developers to get notifications on their phones that keep them informed about their apps . It can be used to get notified of new app content that requires review , report severe crashes or bugs , receive push notifications from internet-connected devices , and perform simple app analytics and engagement studies .
 OpenMarket Global SMS API is a builder platform that simplifies the functionality of SMS messaging programs . It makes it easier for enterprises to broaden the scope and manage the conveyance of SMS to worldwide destinations . The API ’s architecture features multiple message originators ranging from short codes and long codes to text-enabled toll-free numbers as well as landline numbers . The provider of the RESTful API , OpenMarket , Inc. , a leading provider of cloud solutions for mobile messaging communications , boasts a broad portfolio of customers comprising over 400 business organizations around the world . OpenMarket Global SMS sends requests and returns responses in JSON and XML formats .
 Tozny is an authentication platform that uses crypto on your user's phone as unique identifiers.his platform can be used as a strong cryptography layer for any web site or app . The REST-like Tozny API is used to integrate authentication capabilities ; it returns data in JSON format , and uses API Keys . Tozny is a startup based in Portland , Oregon .
 The Accengage API allows developers to integrate push notification services into their applications . Accengage is a European provider of CRM marketing engagement technologies . It can be used to set up , launch , analyze , and optimize a CRM strategy . Accengage provides users with web push , rich-push notifications , in-app messaging , and mobile retargeting services as well as Facebook Messenger Push Notifications .
 North American Bancard ( NAB ) is a payment processing platform designed to be developer friendly . This platform offers multi currency support , recurrent billing , virtual terminal , Apple Pay support , and fraud prevention . The Velocity API is used for full integration with Velocity Managed Commerce Services Platform which offers eCommerce , Mobile , and Back Office payment support . This API can be integrated by using REST or SOAP protocols , uses Tokens for authentication , and returns data in JSON or XML formats .
 The Omise API integrates payments and refunds features into mobile applications . Developers can implement by working with REST format and authenticate with token . Omise provides guides to interact with cards , transfers , and banks . Omise is a payment service for Southeast Asia , based in Thailand .
 SafetyCulture is an inspection checklist app for the workplace . The SafteyCulture API gives users access to their SafteyCulture data including audits , images , and media . API access requires a premium plan obtained through SafetyCulture . This API is HTTP and JSON formatted .
 The Backand API allows developers to easily integrate a powerful backend-as-a-service for AngularJS and Ionic with their applications . It provides social login , push notifications , a database , hosting , mobile functionality , integration to payment and email services and much more . One of the key features that Backand offers is ORM ( object-relational mapping ) , a method for accessing a relational database from an object-oriented language . Backand also provides features like tracking data changes , logging , role-based security , back-office connectivity and more .
 The SnapScan API is a RESTful-like API that provides authentication , error codes , pagination , and webhooks for developers utilizing the API's services . The SnapScan API provides tools for generating QR codes and URL structures , can query the status of payments that were made against merchant accounts , and mark the end of transaction periods and query all payments completed within associated periods . SnapScan is a mobile payments platform based in Cape Town , South Africa .
 The Anchor Mobile API allows to integrate SMS into mobile marketing applications . Protocols in HTTP are available on the main site , that also offers resources to interact with customers , manage keywords , and lookup carriers . Anchor Mobile provides mobile marketing solutions including text to win or vote promotions , bulk SMS , QR barcode services , social media connections and more .
 The Sierra Wireless AirVantage API allows developers to integrate data into mobile applications . It aims to be particularly useful for wireless projects associated to Internet of Things . Protocols include CSV , JSON , RSS , and XML . Developers can authenticate with Key , token , and OAuth . Sierra Wireless provides innovative connectivity options for the Internet of Things .
 Swrve is a marketing platform for mobile applications . It features marketing automation , and in-app campaigns . The Swrve Events API is used to send information to the Swrve server regarding numeric bucketing , user sessions and events . This REST API returns data in JSON format , and requires an API Key . Swrve develops analytics and marketing software that delivers " profitable relationships with their target audiences " .
 Swrve is a marketing platform for mobile applications . It features marketing automation , and in-app campaigns . The Swrve Push API is used to send push notifications to a Swrve user . In order to use this API , a Transactional Push API Campaign must be created first . This REST API returns data in JSON format , and requires an API Key . Swrve develops analytics and marketing software that delivers " profitable relationships with their target audiences " .
 Swrve is a marketing platform for mobile applications . It features marketing automation , and in-app campaigns . The Swrve Referrer API is used to track and send referrer information through a campaign tracker . This REST API returns data in JSON format , and requires an API Key . Swrve develops analytics and marketing software that delivers " profitable relationships with their target audiences " .
 With the BaasBox API , developers can integrate backend solutions to mobile applications . The open source interface provides JSON and REST formats accessible with an Api Key . Additional resources include console , plugin engine , and user cases . BaasBox offers backend services for mobile applications .
 TheTexting SMS API provides an easy to use HTTP based RESTful API . This API enables developers to use TheTexting services in their applications ( i.e. sending bulk sms , receiving sms , etc. ) This API has 10 + calls , which allows developers to completely manage their TheTexting account .
 TheTexting is a complete SMS marketing solution for all types of businesses , providing cheap rates and quality service .
 The LotaData API provides integration of location features with the aim to target mobile advertising efforts . Protocols in JSON . Authorization with API Key . LotaData is a spatiotemporal intelligent service that predicts audiences' habits when they plan their day , attend social events , and shop at their favorite stores .
 The Message Hero SMS aims to provides a way for businesses to integrate SMS into a website , app or software using Message Hero's RESTful SMS API . Message Hero is a UK & Irish-based text message marketing and bulk SMS solution . The service allows users to send special offers , urgent alerts and reminders and news by SMS from a PC to their customers' mobile phones .
 MobileCaddy API provides methods in JavaScript to implement into Salesforce applications . The company provides solutions to deliver a full application lifecycle , beginning with building , testing , and deploying following by managing , monitoring , and enhancing app design .
 InformaCast Mobile API allows developers to enable their users to simultaneously send combinations of text , pre-recorded audio , and images to Android and iOS mobile endpoints such as cellular phones and tablets . While smart devices provide the richest interface and are the primary target , you can also send content via email , SMS messages to any cell phone , and audio calls to any telephone .
 MobiCart helps eCommerce website providers to create mCommerce mobile applications . Create native iPhone , iPad and Android apps that users can download from app stores and HTML5 web apps that are accessible from a mobile browser . MobiCart Store API aims to facilitate business transactions with mobile devices , providing API features such as store settings , shipping , tax , countries , and states . Available in JSON and XML format , this API can be accessed with a Key . Additional APIs that could enhance integration include Product API , Order API , and Department API .
 qx.Mobile API provides developers a way to build and integrate low level components for mobile devices . Qooxdoo is a universal JavaScript framework , and is owned and managed by 1 & 1 , a web host company .
 The Boopsie REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Boopsie with other applications and to create new applications . The main API method is connecting applications with any integrated library system ( ILS ) and retrieving information about library materials . Public documentation is not available ; API access comes with account service . Boopsie provides library system integrations and other features to help libraries create their own mobile applications .
 The Telstra SMS REST API sends SMS messages to Australian mobile phones in a single request . This API allows applications to send and receive messages , as well as querying the status of a previously sent SMS message . Telstra is an Australian telecommunications company that has mobile phone SMS service .
 The Internet Game Database API provides video game , video game company and employee information . The Internet Game Database is a comprehensive database dedicated to providing information about video games for game consumers and video game professionals , and works towards building a bridge between the gamer community and the industry .
 The API for Google Chromecast iOS supports Apple mobile devices to display entertainment in a TV screen . Within Google developers site , users can access guides to design , send , and receive media . Available in the reference section , API overview , Chrome API , and iOS API .
 Forge SMS API by Acision is a RESTful text messaging platform . This API provides various ways to send and receive messages by using a secure server between the customer and commercial mobile network providers . This API uses HTTP ( S ) GET method for requests and responses are in XML . Forge SMS requires customer IP-addresses to be whitelisted for security .
 Acision provides communication services to enterprise , such as text messaging , multi-media messaging and carrier infrastructure platforms . Acision has developed a suite of cloud-based messaging APIs and SDKs to provide communication services to businesses .
 The Google Play Game Services API allows developers to add features such as achievements , leaderboards , events , quests , and multiplayer support to their web and mobile games . It can also be used to analyze player behavior by defining events and capturing metrics about those events . " Getting Started " instructions are provided for iOS , Android , C++ , and web-based games .
 Use this API to access TeleMessage's REST API . Calls to the API are made via HTTPS with returns in JSON . Authentication is via HTTP Basic Auth . Telemessage is a business messaging app for sending secure messages among colleagues . This API allows users to send a message and also receive a notification on the status of the message . See the API documentation for code samples and detailed instructions on getting started .
 This Speech Recognition API is provided by Yandex and requires an API Key , which are available by request . The API currently supports queries ( general search requests ) and maps ( for accessing addresses ) in Turkish and Russian languages . With interfaces for iOS , Android , and Windows Phone , this app offers developers the ability to integrate voice input interfaces into their mobile apps . See their extensive Doxygen documentation for detailed instructions on getting started with the Speech Recognition API
 Judo Marketplace can be used to provide card acceptance as well as automate fee collection for users . Judo Marketplace is thus good for businesses which connect customers with other businesses or sellers . The Marketplace API enables the programmatic access to marketplace admin functions and payment processing features , allowing users to host a marketplace , publish multiple apps for multiple customers , automate payments and fees , and more .
 PressureNet.io is a company that provides atmosphere data and software intelligence for improving weather and climate forecasting . They've built an open source platform that collects live atmosphere data from Android smartphones locate around the world . This network takes 5 million measurements per day . Atmosphere researchers can access a feed of this data from the PressureNet API .
 Link technology allows users to include links to rich digital content in their printed documents . Users can create digital watermarks , QR codes , and short URLs to add to their posters , labels , business cards , invitations , flyers , and any other printed items . Digital watermarks and QR codes can be scanned by mobile devices to take people directly to linked digital content . The Link Developer API allows users to create watermarked images , short URLs , and QR codes and analyze their traffic . The API also lets users update the destinations linked to by watermarks and QR codes anytime , even long after they have been created and printed .
 Massenversand.de is an international SMS messaging service based in Germany . Their SMS gateway services provide users with bulk SMS capabilities , a web payment system , and HTTP and email integration for receiving SMS . The ability to send messages using international characters is also supported . Most of the service's functions are available via API . Much of the massenversand.de website's content and API documentation is available exclusively in German .
 Square helps consumers to pay with card in a mobile environment . For a business that prefers to keep all sales information in a settled location , Square Stand is the choice . In contrast , if the enterprise is mobile , Square Reader is the alternative . With the aim to ease commerce , Square offers The Connect API . This application provides HTTP endpoints to retrieve reports for users' payments , refunds , and settlements . It also allows to manage merchant's items . Square Connect API is about point of sale transactions with cards using iPad , iPhone , and Android . Additional resources of transactions , OAuth , and eCommerce are available on Square site .
 The Testdroid Cloud REST API allows subscribed users to test their application on the latest Android and iOS devices at once . The Cloud-based API delivers detailed test results , full logcat outputs and screenshots of devices for side-by-side comparisons of test results . Testdroid Cloud uses OAuth 2.0 , and the service is SSL encrypted .
 IPSW is an independent resource that enables users to find links to download iOS firmware . Developers can integrate with the IPSW API in order to receive site notifications as well as reminders when new updates are released . The site also includes links to resources to aid in jailbreaking devices . The API is made up of different parameters that can access different bots for specific information channels : Firmware , PwnageTool , fwlinksbot , iTunes , and redsn0w . The API and service is hosted by " Just a Penguin , " a resource for Apple TV , Mac OSX & iOS users .
 Apache Cordova provides device APIs that allow a mobile app developer to access native device functions from JavaScript . This , combined with a UI framework allows a smartphone app to be developed with just HTML , CSS , and JavaScript .
 Thailand Mobile Recharge is an API provided by ThailandTopup.com for topping up the credits on prepaid mobile phones from the three major Thai mobile phone networks-AIS 12call , DTAC Happy , and True Move . From a single account , users can add credits to any prepaid mobile phone on those networks . An Auto Lookup feature allows users to look up the network associated with a phone number in real time . Users can pay for credits through PayPal or Thai Bank Transfer .
 Dolby develops audio for games , mobile , PCs , films , and home theaters . With Dolby Audio API users can integrate various features into an application , such as volume leveling , surround virtualizer , audio optimizer , and dolby digital pass-through . The main value of this API is the audio enhancement for apps related to music , movies , and games . The site mentions that this API takes 15 minutes to integrate . The website also shows quick start guide , API package , code snippet , specs , and sample app download . Additional information is available for Kindle Fire , Android , Windows 8 , and XBOX , Wii , and PS4 game consoles .
 The Yahoo Gemini API brings native ads and mobile search together to allow advertisers to manage their campaigns more efficiently . Working with a set of RESTful objects , developers will are able to : automate campaign management , target campaigns by factors like location or interests , and receive reports to measure effectiveness of the campaign . After receipt of an API Key developers can use the example PHP code to get started .
 Visualize data with Indicative , a service that provides the main value of business analytics . Even though the API is currently in Beta stage , the documents are available in the website and in Github . Indicative invites developers to contact them for application creation . The API is about data analysis for business . Developers who work with large amount of e-commerce information could benefit from this service that aims to provide smart dashboards , segmentation , versatile funnels , cohort analysis and effortless integration for web and mobile . Indicative offers access through an API key along with development and best practices with REST and JSON protocols . Developers can contact Indicative via e-mail to ensure the success of application development .
 Mobile Automated Systems is a mobile telecommunications provider that automates the process of sending and receiving bulk text alerts . With the Mobile Automated System's API , developers can interface with the Mobile Automated Systems messaging gateway from any application or website . Using the API to access this portal , SMS campaigns can be created , scheduled , and launched . The API parameters include naming recipients , the sender ID to be displayed , and the text message to be sent . Basic account maintenance can be performed , as the API allows the ability to check account balance . Users are authenticated according to the username and password sent with the corresponding parameters .
 Kakao is a Korean based company providing social networks , instant messaging , and gaming services . KakaoTalk , KakaoStory , KakaoAlbum , KakaoPage , KakaoGroup , KakaoMusic , and KakaoGame are just a few of their services .
 KakaoTalk API provides Profile Request services . KakaoTalk users can use their account to login into the app .
 Eazita provides global bulk SMS services that cover more than 760 networks in over 210 countries . The Eazita SMS API allows developers to integrate Eazita's SMS Gateway into their applications so that they can send SMS , receive SMS , and check the delivery status of sent SMS from within those applications .
 Splitforce is a mobile application A / B testing service . Splitforce provides various testing features , such as cross-platform testing , integration testing , and targeted user segment testing . The Splitforce API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Splitforce with other applications . API access comes with account service .
 Sinch gives mobile developers a way to add communication into their apps . The platform lets developers integrate voice and messaging into their app in minutes with a few lines of code .
 Telstra is an Australian telephony company and internet service provider . Telstra provides various plans for personal and business mobile , tablet , phone , and internet needs . The Telstra API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Telstra with other applications and to create new applications . Some example API methods include accessing contacts , managing messages , and access locations .
 Kakao is a Korean based company providing social networks , instant messaging , and gaming services . KakaoTalk , KakaoStory , KakaoAlbum , KakaoPage , KakaoGroup , KakaoMusic , and KakaoGame are just a few of their services .
 The KakaoStory API is a cacao API that provides the following services : Profile Request , Contributions , and Request My Story . Cacao customers can use their account to login to the app , and only they have access .
 Doluna is a user verification service that uses a mobile phone for performing two-factor authentication . Once the user submits the recipient's phone number , Doluna generates and sends a one-time PIN code via SMS . At the same time , Doluna gives the user a transaction key which they can check against the recipient's PIN . Doluna can be used to validate end users , verify phone numbers , and protect against fraudulent activity . Integration is accomplished via API and requires simple REST calls .
 Amplitude is a mobile analytics platform . Amplitude provides data and statistics and information about mobile applications to inform decision making by the mobile application publishers and developers .
 Jagrit Recharge is an Indian company that provides bulk SMS , mobile recharge , and reseller services . Its bulk SMS service comes with Unicode support , multiple number input methods , and the ability to automatically remove duplicate numbers from recipient lists . Users can integrate Jagrit Recharge's bulk SMS capabilities into their own applications using REST , SMPP , or FTP calls .
 The Business Texter API provides the basic categorization of inbound messages so that user systems can auto reply with appropriate responses . These responders trained using artificial intelligence machine learning techniques from data sets coming from the Android App called BizTexter built by www.businesstexter.com .
 Beepsend provides messaging services to mobile operators , SMS aggregators , and enterprise clients . The Beepsend API exposes a variety of SMS services and support functions . The API is able to send messages , retrieve analytics , manage contacts , and much more . The API is available as a robust RESTful API as well as a light weight HTTP API .
 Taplytics is a mobile data and metrics analysis platform . Taplytics provides various features to view , analyze , and access mobile application data and metrics .
 StreamWIDE is a company that provides carrier-grade Value Added Services ( VAS ) to mobile service providers . One of these services is Call Screening , which allows users to filter calls using acceptance and denial lists , time-based filters , behavior-based filters , delays on incoming or outgoing communications , and more . StreamWIDE provides users with SOAP , XML-RPC , and JSON-RPC APIs that enable them to integrate with the Call Screening service .
 Vectramind is a mobile marketing and advertising service that provides mobile CRM , two-way SMS , mobile ticketing , QR codes , and more . Users can send SMS , MMS , and USSD programmatically via API , allowing them to integrate the ability to send bulk marketing messages into their applications and systems using SOAP , REST , or SMPP calls .
 Telerik Platform provides an adaptive framework for creating applications regardless of whether the application runs on the Web , native or hybrid mode .
 PlayCanvas is a platform for building and managing mobile and web video games . PlayCanvas provides a JavaScript API for building HTML5 video games . Public documentation is not available ; API access comes with account service . Interested developers should email support@playcanvas.com for more information .
 TSYS is a payment acceptance service that provides a services from payment processing and merchant services , to gift card servicing and exchange rate payment services . The TSYS API allows users to integrate third-party applications with the payment processing service and other products with an emphasis on the mobile services . TSYS uses SSL for authentication . Documentation access requires registration .
 Captain Pass is a web service allowing businesses to build , distribute , and manage PassBook Passes . The Captain Pass API provides a RESTful interface for creating , delivering , and updating passes . The API is able to create passes such as coupons , tickets , store cards , member cards , and transport tickets , for all major mobile platforms .
 PageOne is a company that provides mobile communication solutions to organizations throughout the UK . Their SOAP API allows users to enable their applications to send and receive SMS in over 300 countries . The API supports text , binary SMS , and flash messaging and provides delivery acknowledgement after sending . It can also handle location-specific functions like targeting recipients in a given area , providing local information , and tracking resources or equipment . Additional methods of connecting to PageOne's messaging gateway include REST , SMPP , SMTP , and SCP .
 Skycore is a mobile marketing solutions provider that offers its users both SMS ( Short Message Service ) and MMS ( Multimedia Message Service ) capabilities via REST API . Users can also create message templates that are automatically customized for the recipient . The Skycore API includes methods for sending and receiving messages as well as for getting delivery reports on previously sent messages .
 Voxox is a company that provides communication services over mobile devices and PCs . They offer a variety of VoIP telephony services , including SIP Trunks , hosted PBX , carrier services , and SMS messaging . The Voxox API provides developers with methods for sending , receiving , and tracking the status of SMS messages programmatically via REST calls .
 MobiCheckin is a guest registration and check-in application for professional event organizers . Users can check guests in and monitor arrivals using mobile iOS devices . They can also manage guest lists , badges , and invites online . The MobiCheckin API provides users with programmatic methods for working with events , guests , check-ins , signatures , and exhibitors .
 Imgble is a online service that formats a specified image to best fit in different mobile screens . The Imgble API allows users to submit images to be reformatted . The API includes features to specify the height and width , the output format , and add over 20 effects to the image . The API is free to use .
 Mapillary uses crowdsourced photos to map different parts of the world . Users can take photos with their mobile devices and upload the photos to the Mapillary website . Mapillary is currently in public Beta . The Mapillary API allows users to use latitude and longitude coordinates to search for and retrieve information on images and sequences of images .
 MobileMinerApp allows users to monitor and control bitcoin , litecoin , and other cryptocurrency mining rigs remotely . The MobileMinerApp API uses REST calls , returns JSON , and allows users to query for mining statistics as well as execute commands to the pool . Users must obtain an API key for use .
 The Applause API provides developer access to the analytics platform . The API is able to search for apps and deliver descriptive or factual information , reviews , and aggregated Applause statistics for a given app .
 Acuity Appointment Scheduling is an online appointment booking service that can be accessed via mobile devices by both users and clients . Clients can book their own appointments or classes online and even pay in advance . Acuity users can accept appointments and payments through their own websites or through the free scheduling pages Acuity provides . They may also create discount codes and gift certificates for appointments through Acuity . Acuity Appointment Scheduling automatically accounts for timezone differences , records appointments in Google , notifies users of new appointments , and sends reminder emails to clients .
 Acuity users can easily export data , such as client information and appointment schedules , from the service . Client information that has been collected can be used to create custom forms that will take less time to fill out . Acuity can also generate reports about appointments , revenue , staff , or locations over any time range . Developers can interact with their appointment schedule programmatically via REST API .
 Qminder provides a RESTful API for the integration of Qminder services with third party apps and sites . API methods include Locations , Lines , Tickets and Devices . An API Key and account with service is required .
 Deeplink.me is a linking system for mobile and web applications . Deeplink.me provides application developers and publishers with the ability to link their apps for easy sharing and tracking , just like with web links .
 Teech.io is a flexible backend-as-a-service ( BaaS ) that allows developers to store data for web-and mobile-based education applications in the cloud . It also helps app owners manage their users , materials , grading , and push notifications and provides analytics features to help track student learning . Developers can integrate Teech.io with other systems and applications using SDKs or a REST API .
 Burst SMS Australia is a bulk sms messaging service that provides an easy way to send bulk SMS and manage SMS marketing campaigns in Australia . Features of the service include message personalization fields ; auto bounce management and database cleaning ; automatic and manual opt-outs ; and SMS templates .
 Burst SMS offers an REST API that enables developers to integrate the ability to send and receive SMS into their applications . API methods include SMS , Lists , Numbers , Transactions , Email , and Keywords .
 Appia is a mobile user acquisition network . Appia provides solutions for mobile publishers , advertisers , and developers to draw users and customers .
 Snipcart is a service that lets users add a shopping cart to their website . The cart can be customized using HTML and CSS to make it match the site's design . Snipcart is also capable of adapting to the customer's screen size , allowing it to work just as well on mobile devices as PCs . Snipcart can perform payment processing , shipping estimates , and order management functions , all without taking the customer away from the user's website . Developers can manage information on orders , customers , and discounts using the Snipcart API .
 Pretzil is a website , API , and mobile application suite that leverages its cloud-based database to connect smartphone users with mobile apps . The Pretzil API enables developers to ping Pretzil data describing when , where , and on what device their app is used . Pretzil uses this data to enrich their app rankings and provide developers with increased exposure and analytics .
 My Mobile API allows users to send and receive SMS from any website or application using the My Mobile API messaging gateway . My Mobile API provides a wide variety methods for sending SMS , including HTTP Get / POST , SMPP , FTP , web services , SQL , email-to-SMS , and Outlook 2010 SMS . Some of these methods are more suited to low-volume use while others are designed for high-volume messaging campaigns .
 DoForms is a mobile web form building platform that allows users to quickly make forms for use in sites and web services . These forms contain any number of features including tables , music , pictures , and videos . The DoForms API uses SOAP calls and can return XML , JSON , or CSV . An account is required with service . The DoForms API allows users to collect and store a variety of data from a mobile forms built in DoForms .
 AvidMobile is a company that offers white-label mobile marketing and advertising services . AvidMobile provides a SOAP API that gives developers programmatic access to their SMS marketing services . Its functions include sending and receiving SMS , creating keywords and responses , converting RSS feeds to text , getting usage data , and more .
 Bynd.io is a backend as a service platform for building social and mobile sites and apps . The Bynd REST API provides the ability to programmatically write , read , update and delete objects . The API can manage social network authentication , location services , content curation , and much more .
 Appsee is a platform that allows mobile application developers and publishers to understand their users . Appsee provides in-app visualization and analytics features to measure and improve the application user experience .
 The Telegram API allows developers to build their own customized Telegram clients and applications . API methods are provided for dealing with spam and ToS violations , logging in via QR code , registration / authorization , working with GIFs , working with 2FA login , working with VoIP calls , working with deep links , working with files , and much more .
 SMSAPI.PL is a Polish based mobile marketing service that aims to both inform customers of company news , as well as provide a bulk sms marketing service . The SMSAPI.PL API , which is available in both REST and SOAP formats allows the integration of SMS notification of any commercially available software , maintenance services , premium rate , and the ability to conduct campaigns in the form of MMS multimedia messages . An account is required with service , and SSL is used for authentication .
 InnovativeTxt is a global text messaging service that provides a bulk messaging service for advertisers . InnovativeTxt offers a cloud-based SMS API , that works with Bulk SMS as a marketing communication channel . The API uses REST calls and allows users to send and receive high volume of messages with a high deliverability rate . The API opens to platform for developers to build text messaging applications that can Send and Receive messages with virtual mobile number , long code and short code .
 Sprylogics is a mobile solutions provider . Sprylogics provides capability of local search for mobile applications through their product , Poynt .
 Smart AdServer is an all-inclusive ad server that allows users to program rich media and video campaigns and to deliver ads to mobile sites and applications . Smart AdServer allows users to gather data on their audiences to improve ad targeting . It also monitors metrics such as fill rate , average CPM ( cost per thousand views ) , and sales in real time . Smart AdServer provides their customers with around-the-clock support .
 Silanis e-Signatures allows companies to use electronic signatures for banking , insurance , government contracts , and fulfilling the requirements of various regulated industries . Users can customize the e-signing process to suit any situation-including mobile e-signing-and improve user satisfaction and conversion rates . Silanis also focuses on providing electronic evidence that is comprehensive , secure , accessible , and reliable so that it is easy to prove the legality of e-signatures .
 Everbridge provides a single system for handling mass notifications , incident communications , and situational intelligence that is used by major industries and governments worldwide . Its services can be used for handling both emergency situations and daily operations . Users can integrate contact information with Everbridge or remotely trigger notifications by integrating with a set of REST APIs , referred to collectively as Everbridge Open .
 XMS is a smartphone app that provides free , real-time , unlimited messaging over the user's internet connection . Users can send messages containing text , images , videos , locations , emoticons , and other content . XMS supports both individual and group messaging . Developers can integrate XMS into their applications by using XMPP ( formerly known as Jabber ) .
 Targlets SMS provides an online messaging platform that covers six continents . Users can create , manage , and monitor all of their SMS communications from the online dashboard interface . Developers can use the Targlets SMS REST API to add SMS capabilities to their applications or schedule marketing campaigns .
 Xloudia is an image recognition service for mobile devices , designed for use with augmented reality applications . It can recognize one image out of millions in 0.2 seconds with a false positive rate of less than 1 % . It provides excellent tracking capabilities and can adapt to environmental conditions , including clutter and partial occlusion . Xloudia can handle massive database searches and real-time database expansion .
 Cequens provides APIs that developers can use to access and integrate the functionality of Cequens with other applications and systems . Some example API methods include managing users , sending messages , and checking credit balances .
 The SerwerSMS platform is a mobile marketing and communications solution that provides bulk SMS , MMS and VMS messaging services . SerwerSMS offers an API for remote access to their services . Example API functions include the dispatch of standard SMS , sending personalized SMS messages , checking the status of messages , and downloading incoming messages . Responses are returned in XML .
 USA.gov's Mobile App Gallery API provides developers with programmatic access to information on government agencies' mobile applications in both English and Spanish . This information comes from the USA.gov Mobile Apps Gallery and GobiernoUSA.gov Aplicaciones mÃ ³ viles , which provide information on apps for a variety of platforms . Information is retrievable via REST calls issued in JSON or JSONP .
 Fosbury is a mobile coupon management service that enables users to design , manage , and distribute coupon campaigns . The Fosbury API allows users to create and distribute passes for mobile wallets to potential customers . The services uses REST calls , and Fosbury provides sample SDKs in RUBY , Python , PHP . An account is required with service , and an API key and SSL are used for authentication .
 The Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) provides the MyTSA API which allows users to integrate several features into third-party applications . These features include TSA security checkpoint wait times , TSA PreCheck locations , sunrise / sunset times for all locations , and other data sources . The services uses REST calls and can return XML or JSON .
 The Streamzoo API allows 3rd party applications to access uploads from a specified user , a specified stream , or to access any single item . The API accepts HTTP calls and returns JSON formatted responses .
 Response Tap is a online SEO and analytics company that utilizes proprietary software to track what a users does on a clients website before , during , and after calling the company . This approach is designed to help track the effectiveness of marketing changes . The Response Tap API uses REST calls , returns XML or JSON , and allows users to integrate the number provisions , call features , and reporting analytics into third-party applications .
 Vungle is a video advertising service for mobile phones . Vungle provides solutions for publishers to integrate ad content into their applications and advertisers to get their ads in applications .
 Seafile is a file syncing and sharing service for teams . Files are organized into libraries which can be individually shared or synced to devices . Users can edit and comment on shared files , and they can choose to receive notifications when a file is altered . Seafile is compatible with mobile devices , which can access files , notifications , and messages on the go . Developers can access Seafile's functions remotely via REST calls .
 Tambur.io provides backend messaging solutions for mobile and web applications . Developers can build applications and use features such as messaging from Tambur.io in their applications .
 Ably is a provider of real-time data delivery solutions that support the creation , delivery , and management of complex projects . The Ably API facilitates communication between the Ably service and a variety of client and server devices . The RESTful API is designed for use in servers that form part of the back-end of any given application , like a web application , that implement messaging concepts . The functional scope of the Ably REST API spans the authentication , message publication and message history retrieval as well as presence state and presence retrieval and application usage data retrieval . The API returns responses in mainly JSON format , although JSONP and HTML formats are also acceptable .
 Cloudbase.io is a backend management service for mobile developers that takes care of all of the relational and non-relational data storage required for an applicationâ € ™ s data . Shared API functionality allows developers to turn their mobile app into a platform by sharing data between applications or with other cloudbase.io developers .
 Cloudbase.io offers a set of RESTful APIs for developers . API functions include data , register-device , cloudfunction , applet , log , log-navigation , notifications , email , paypal , and shared-api . Supported output formats include JSON and XML .
 App55 offers a restful API for access to their payment services . Use the API to send requests to the App55 platform in order to manage users , manage cards , and perform transactions . Responses are returned in JSON or JSONP . Authentication is via API key .
 Axilent is a web and mobile content publishing system built around ACE ( Adaptive Context Engine ) , a SaaS publishing platform that matches content to users with features such as user analysis , personalized content , product recommendations , and contextual marketing . The Axilent API provides a RESTful interface for automating manipulation of ACE .
 NACapp is a service for relaying notifications , alerts , and chat messages to groups of mobile devices . It is designed to provide timely messaging services to teams who communicate primarily via mobile devices . Users can create messages by logging on to the website , via email , or by using the REST or SOAP APIs . Once a user sends a notification , they can see which devices have received , viewed , and acted on the notification .
 LaunchKey seeks to eradicate passwords by providing multi-factor authentication through smartphones and tablets . Built around the idea that physical devices are now more secure than digitally stored passwords , LaunchKey provides authentication through physical authentication over paired devices , as well as optional geofencing and device-stored PINs .
 The LaunchKey API allows developers to automate the LaunchKey authentication process . The RESTful API authenticates with the OAuth 2.0 protocol and returns JSON formatted responses .
 InAppSocial is a social engagement service that strives to enhance the customer experience with mobile apps and mobile content . The platform provides a mobile optimized conversation engine that drives in-app social conversations for the purpose of communications and collaboration between app publishers and their users .
 InAppSocial offers a RESTful API for integrating their services . Example API methods include get conversation stats , discover conversation types , list conversations , post a conversation , reply to a conversation , comment , like , and rate . Responses are returned in JSON .
 PassVerse provides for generating and updating passes for Apple's Passbook . PassVerse allows developers to create and manage passes , tickets , coupons , and more for Passbook .
 Catchoom provides image recognition technology built to interact with 3rd party applications . End users take pictures with their smartphones and Catchoom matches relevant images and connects users to online content , offers , and digital experiences .
 Shopgate provides mobile shopping solutions for commerce , providing merchants with tools to create mobile shopping websites and connecting shoppers to thousands of shopping apps with a single registration .
 The Shopgate Merchant API provides a developer interface enabling orders and items to be manage automatically . Supported functions include order list retrieval with filtering , order details retrieval , and item or category manipulation . The API accepts HTTPS POST calls and returns JSON formatted responses
 AdColony provides HD video advertising services to both advertisers and individuals seeking to monetize their apps . It uses Insta-Play technology to instantly serve full-screen video ads to mobile devices . AdColony provides its own reporting functions , but users also have the option of employing a 3rd party partner's reporting functions .
 AdColony provides two RESTful APIs . The Publisher Earnings API allows users to retrieve ad publisher earnings data for one day or for a range of dates in CSV format . The MATA API provides users with access to their CPI Campaign data .
 NetCom is a Norwegian broadband provider . Additionally , the NetCom website provides a mapping service that shows locations covered by various broadband providers in Norway . This map can be accessed directly through the website , or map information can be retrieved using the SOAP-based DataLayer API . The NetCom website is provided solely in Norwegian .
 Ecobee is an energy solutions provider that offers WiFi enabled touch screen thermostats and the corresponding applications to manage them both from home and remotely . The ecobee API provides a developer interface for managing ecobee thermostats . The API is capable of reading , updating , and polling thermostat data . The API accepts HTTP GET / POST calls , authenticates with OAuth 2.0 framework , and returns JSON formatted responses .
 Given.to is a crowd gifting platform that allows users to create wishlists and invite friends and family to contribute towards items on that list . The Given.to API provides a RESTful interface for making automated purchases of digital content and for returning information regarding automated purchase requests . The API authenticates with OAuth , returns JSON formatted responses , and supports callbacks using webhooks .
 AzonMobile QR Code Management and Tracking platform is a product built to help businesses generate , manage , and track QR Codes . The AzonMobile QR Code API provides developer access to the full functionality of the AzonMobile platform . Supported calls include QR Code generation , QR Code and campaign management , and analytics . The API can be used to generate QR Codes with specified shapes and foreground / background images . The API accepts XML formatted HTTP Post calls and returns XML formatted responses .
 Little Printer is a miniature printer that is designed to print a specific type of small-sized publication . These publications can cover any number of topics and can be personal or generic , finite or ongoing . They could deliver a daily sudoku puzzle , notify the subscriber of train delays , or provide a recipe of the week . People can subscribe to their favorite publications and choose a time of day to have all of their subscriptions printed at once , like a miniature newspaper .
 The Little Printer Publications API allows users to retrieve information and samples for a given publication . If necessary , it also allows them to input information to customize the publication or authenticate with a third party for access .
 Tap-to is an enterprise tool for capturing data and viewing information outside of the office the service utilizes modern smart phones and tablets to extend the accessibility of business information . Tap-to offers mobile Forms , Docs , Tasks and Lists . The Tap-to API provides users with integration tools to incorporate the Tap-to tools into third-party applications . The API uses REST calls and can return JSON and XML formats . An account is required with service .
 PushBots is a scalable , reliable push service for sending notifications out to application users , including those who use iOS or Android devices . It can be linked to an app's Twitter account to push Tweets as messages . Messages can be sent out to specific groups of users based on factors such as their location or their interests . The service also provides real-time analytics for tracking and evaluating messages and campaigns . PushBots' functions are made accessible for integration via REST API .
 Zubhium is an application management platform , supporting Android beta distribution , reporting and support , user management , analytics , and more . The Zubhium API provides a developer interface for uploading Android . apk files . The API supports simple HTTP POST calls and requires an API Key .
 WhateverWeb is a mobile application development service that provides users with a toolkit for developing mobile centered applications . The service provides image processing , CSS processing , device detection , Git publishing , and other services . The WhateverWeb API is a component of the device detection service and allows users to fix server side issues or access device information . An account is required with service , and the basic sandboxed version is free .
 ShoutEm provides mobile app development software . The ShoutEm API provides a RESTful interface for developers to interact with content stored on ShoutEm . API responses are JSON formatted .
 AddNag provides a platform for displaying and sharing content in mobile applications . Developers can create " nags " , simple pages that appear upon opening an app that can be used to convey reminders , special offers , tutorials , etc . AddNag's functions are available for integration via API . Further documentation can be accessed by logging in to the AddNag website .
 Talkray is a mobile application that allows users to make free phone calls , send and receive text messages , and send and receive photos .
 Azukki is a cloud-based platform that serves as a backend for online games . It offers functions for the creation and management of items , in-game currencies , and leaderboards for any metric and over any timeframe . Azukki also provides a way to keep players' information synchronized when they move between devices and platforms . The RESTful Azukki API uses JSON-formatted calls and makes the platform accessible for integration .
 Miri Device Description is a mobile device description service that returns information and descriptions about mobile devices , using OpenDdr resources .
 The Miri Device Description API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Miri with other applications . The main API method is returning information on the mobile device .
 Mojiva develops mobile advertising campaigns and monetization strategies for agencies , brand advertisers , and publishers worldwide . It also allows developers to ad-enable mobile applications , games , SMS messages , WAP sites , and more by using REST and JavaScript APIs to deliver ads from the Mojiva server network . Mojiva also provides REST APIs for monitoring the results of ad campaigns with information and statistics .
 The Appsflyer API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Appsflyer with other applications . The API returns CSV data files associated with different query parameters .
 The PushBullet API allows developers to engage customers through the PushBullet Android application . This service makes it easy to write software that can push to devices through PushBullet . What you would push and why is up to you ; PushButton provides the tool . This API utilizes RESTful calls and JSON responses .
 The service provides financial functions and account management for applications used by customers to interact with the French bank . Functionality helps developers to register with the provider's CAS Store repository to display applications for smartphones and allow users to install them on their own devices . The service allows developers to implement credit card account management and other banking functions .
 CS Networks provides an SMS gateway that lets its users SMS-enable any application , website , or system . It can deliver messages to more then 220 countries with a throughput of 100 msg / sec over HTTP and 1000 msg / sec over SMPP . The CS Networks API allows users to send and receive text messages ( SMS ) , perform two-step authentication , locate mobile numbers , and perform other related services over HTTP ( REST ) or SMPP .
 The service provides highly secure authentication that combines a conventional password entered by a user with a signal from an app registered to that user's mobile device . Similar services combine password entry with possession of a USB device or other single-purpose hardware , but this service takes advantage of the user's smart phone as a tool for confirming identity .
 The service provides monitoring and status reporting for devices and other objects to which proprietary electronic tags have been attached . The tags report status over wireless connections , and those reports are conveyed to the service . Android or iOS devices can then check status and determine locations of the tagged objects .
 The service provides text and media messaging to phones and mobile devices in Norway via the SMS and MMS protocols . It handles either single messages to individual numbers or bulk messaging to all numbers from a list . The service will route replies to messages it sends and process routine responses such as opt-out requests . Messaging options can be combined for complex functions such as selling an event ticket via SMS messaging and delivering the resulting ticket image to the phone via MMS .
 API methods support sending a specified text message body or media resource ( image , etc. ) to a single number or all numbers on a list provided with the request . Methods also support variations in recipient number types and formatting , date encoding , and similar details .
 The service from Germany provides payment processing for small amounts of money , especially suited to fees for software downloads , content access , and other inexpensive online services . It consolidates functions for conventional debit and credit card charges as well as payments triggered by phone calls or other interactions with mobile devices along with selective disbursement of prepaid account balances . Sellers register accounts with the service , but buyers need not create accounts to submit payments .
 MobPartner is a mobile affiliate marketing platform that aims to provide risk-free performance-based marketing campaigns for advertisers , marketers , and publishers . The MobPartner API can integrate using S2S HTTP or Rest API , and can return XML , JSON , XHTML , or through an XML feed . The service offers 24/7 real-time statistics . 100 % fill rate , and dedicated service support .
 The service provides additions to the OpenStreetMap in the form of map tiles that display information coded to locations so users can discover businesses and other facilities available at particular locations . Sample integrations are available for Google Maps , OpenLayers , and Leaflet . Mobile-aware integrations provide data for mapping applications on iOS and Android devices .
 The Clipped API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Clipped with other applications . The main API method returns parts of a specified URL , such as the title and summary .
 The service headquartered in the UK provides payment processing for e-commerce transactions and other online exchanges . It can verify validity and credit limits for credit and debit cards , then complete real-time payment and transfer funds to the seller's account . Payment options include Visa , MasterCard / Maestro , and Paypal .
 API methods support secure , real time payment processing . Methods handle pre-authorization for credit and debit card number and transaction amount , providing an authorization code for use in completing payment . Methods also clear payments through the card provider's system and return confirmation of the funds transfer to both buyer and seller .
 Codeproof provides MDM APIâ € ™ s to partners and mobile developers . Integration of Codeproof APIs with other software or a mobile app , allows developers more control over reporting and management of mobile devices . With the Codeproof Webservice API , an administrator can query device information , trigger actions , restriction policies , and application information from any enrolled mobile devices . The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML .
 The service provides access to high-capacity messaging gateways for distributing blast communications via SMS text messaging , email , and other delivery methods . It enables promotional campaigns and other public service messaging , either to recipient lists or individuals , as for medical appointment reminders .
 The service provides messaging via SMS text and email , both for individual contacts and mass promotional campaigns . It integrates contacts with customers and clients , either as part of blast messaging campaigns or as individual alerts triggered by transactions or other events . It emphasizes contacts and ongoing interactions via mobile device to promote customer loyalty such as appointment reminders , service alerts , coupons , and other communications .
 API methods support creating and scheduling communications , including messaging mode ( SMS or email ) , recipient contact information , message body , and delivery timing . Methods also accept and route replies , including unsubscribe requests . Reporting functions provide updates on delivery success rates and other service metrics .
 This API is a RESTful interface to the Clickatell gateway . The Clickatell REST API makes it possible for third-party web and mobile application users to register and activate a Clickatell SMS service account , buy messaging credits and two way messaging capabilities , and perform other SMS functions all from within the application . It provides a way to send batches of up to 500 destination numbers per submission in real-time through our international SMS messaging gateway . Interact with Clickatell using JSON or XML . All the APIs support text , Unicode , binary SMS and flash messaging , providing a way to send SMS messages around the world to clients , staff or user-database . Clickatell covers over 819 networks in more than 220 countries . Connecting you to the wireless world through simple integration while offering customization and personalization .
 CheckInOn.Me is an automated personal safety system . Users can create customized routines for CheckInOn.Me to contact mobile devices . Users respond with a personalized â € œIâ € ™ m OKâ € word . The CheckInOn.Me API provides RESTful interface for developers to build entire personal safety systems .
 Mobage is a gaming platform powering free social games for iOS and Android . The Mobage API provides a RESTful API allowing developers to perform authentication , banking and social actions . URLs vary depending on locale and environment type , and responses are JSON formatted .
 The service provides secure online payments for e-commerce and other online transactions via websites and mobile apps . A buyer establishes a confirmed account balance with the service prior to making the purchase and receives a voucher with a personal 16-digit PIN . The buyer can then enter the PIN to complete the purchase and release funds to the seller . The exchange is completed without entering personal data and storing it on a device or releasing it to the seller .
 API methods support identifying a specific customer account with the payment service and submitting a current purchase transaction for payment against the account . Methods also support customer authorization of the payment and processing the transaction through release of funds to the seller . The API provides for notification of transaction completion to both buyer and seller .
 The service provides lookup and validation of U.K. physical addresses for web applications that accept user input addresses . It compares data entered by a user against continually updated postcode address file ( PAF ) data from the British Royal Mail service , GeoData , and other authoritative sources of valid physical or delivery addresses . This validation improves delivery performance by ensuring that addresses provided by users actually exist and are correctly formatted . The same functions are available either as an installed product using local data or an interactive web service .
 API methods support queries submitting character strings for a postcode and thoroughfare address as entered by the user and validate the address indicated , then return the correct version according to the Royal Mail or other recognized authorities . Where no exact match is found , the API returns an array of valid addresses nearest the entered location , allowing the application to perform further processing to select one of them .
 The service provides services for outbound marketing and promotion campaigns , including mass email and SMS text messaging . Applications can use the services for communication opt-in forms , deliver advertising and manage advertiser relationships , and trigger communications based on user clicks or other selection of keywords .
 API methods support one-way , outbound SMS messaging with message body and recipient mobile device numbers specified in the request . Methods also support sending poll or survey messages and processing responses from recipients . The API provides functions for advertiser accounts and for managing opt-in and opt-out requests to update communication preferences .
 The service provides SMS text messaging to mobile phones within Iran . It allows an application to send a message specified in the request to one or many recipients , up to 90 numbers per request . The service also can handle replies and inbound messaging , with account credit balance checks and reporting of delivery success and failure rates .
 API methods support submitting a request with message body , recipient phone number , and encoding details . Methods also support review of unread text messages received by the account , with message body and date-time stamp according to the Jalali calendar used in Iran . The API makes available reports of completed message delivery and message failure for sent SMS messages and current account balance . The site is in Persian .
 The service provides a survey platform accessed via mobile devices to contribute anonymous , crowd-sourced reports on sexual topics . It provides functions for contributing reports and for reviewing submissions along with summaries and visualizations of collected data . The service is sponsored by the Kinsey Institute at Indiana University and provides submitted data as submitted without any review or verification .
 The service from Thailand provides messaging to Thai customers and mobile phones within the country . It allows applications to send individual text messages or bulk messages to specified numbers via SMS technology . A variety of protocols are available .
 API methods support submission of a request with a mobile device number and message body , which the service will process and deliver . Bulk messaging requests can specify a group of phone numbers to receive the submitted message . Methods also support administrative functions such as reporting of message status and available balance .
 Mosaik Solutions , formerly American Roamer , provides a range of geospatial and map design solutions including CellMaps , an interactive global coverage map service . The Mosaik CellMaps API exposes data formatted as XML or JSON via REST techniques .
 Synchroteam is a mobile workforce control service that aims to optimize costs , dispatch , and schedule a workforce . It allows workflow customization based on a business's needs , tracks worker locations , schedules and dispatches teams , and generates reports . The Synchroteam API allows data to be retrieved from or pushed into a users Synchroteam account so that it can be integrated with CRMs , invoicing systems , and other business software to prevent data duplication . The service uses REST calls and will return JSON or XML .
 nsure.io provides a series of API's that can add security , compliance , risk and reputation controls to developer applications without the need for complex backend systems or ever expanding cloud servers .
 In a nutshell , giving developers content control over their application or site .
 The Real Time Statistics Reporting API differs from the other Statistical API in that it returns' real time' results instead of consulting the historical database . Data from the API is refreshed from the server every 10 seconds .
 The API displays real time information about agents and queues . It allows for queries on all agents , queues , or a specific agent and queue with a provided ID . Requests must be made in HTTPS ( authenticated by token ) with returns in XML or JSON
 The service provides a platform for interacting with mobile devices to provide videos and other entertainment content , SMS text messaging and' enterprise messaging ,' and other services . It aims to provide middleware to facilitate contacts with devices by a range of services meeting many different needs .
 Instafilter.io is a photo manipulation service that provides a variety of photo manipulation techniques and layering of filters . The service utilizes a RESTful API , managed by Mashape with prices beginning at $ 0.01 / filter with the first 100 / month being free and a maximum file size of 4 MB .
 Tout is a mobile video platform . The Tout RESTful API uses OAuth2 .0 , accepts requests over HTTPS , and returns JSON responses . Use the API to record and share video in real time , aggregate videos by user or hashtag , or hold a video conversation asynchronously . Register with Tout to get started with the API .
 The service provides SMS text messaging with delivery of specified message text to a designated recipient . Delivery notification is available , and recipients can respond via the service , e.g. , to unsubscribe or to provide requested information , with responses processed as HTTP requests or email . Reporting functions summarize outbound and inbound message traffic .
 API methods support messaging functions , including both send and receive , with ability to generate replies as email to a designated address . Methods also support delivery notification to verify status of sent messages as received or not successfully delivered . The API provides reporting functions for message tracking and account balance information . A digital signature authentication process is in beta .
 OpenSignal is an application that allows users to find the best cell phone , wi-fi , and mobile coverage by location . OpenSignal provides a database of cell phone towers , cell phone signal strength readings , and Wi-Fi access points around the world .
 Hipmob provides hosted live chat for mobile applications to send text , audio , video and photos . In order to use the API developers must sign up , receive a code , download the Hipmob library , and then use Hipmob at will for whatever messaging application assistance they may need . The API specifically allows developers to send messages from their own applications to devices , manage settings and obtain device information . Functionality includes RESTful principles and JSON response formats .
 The Adobe PhoneGap Build API provides programmatic access to functions for creating , building , updating , and downloading apps . It was designed for easy integration with other systems and uses REST calls issued in JSON and JSONP .
 Fulcrum provides cloud based data collection for mobile devices supporting the creation , deployment , and management of location based data collection applications . Fulcrum's API provides clients with a RESTful interface for automating access to data and pictures , form elements , account setup info , and more .
 Hipmob is a mobile live chat service that aims to connect customers with customer service . The service can also be integrated with CRMs and other customer service platforms . The Hipmob API allows admins to manage applications' settings and obtain device information . The API uses REST calls , returns JSON , and uses and API Key and SSL for authentication .
 JetSetMe is an application that displays real-time roaming of O2 mobile SIM cards in Europe , such as when the mobile goes abroad and returns home .
 AppFirst is an online dashboard that provides developers with information about their applications , such as performance metrics , server monitoring , and reporting tools .
 The service provides connectivity between home appliances or other electronic devices and mobile phones to allow remote monitoring and control . Examples from home automation include ability to activate HVAC systems and control settings , adjust lighting , and interact with security systems . The provider's Configurator application and utilities allow for integration between mobile devices and remote electronic controls for installed equipment .
 API methods support secure access to equipment monitoring functions for reviewing current status , with methods for updating settings and controlling equipment functions . Methods also provide for push notifications when preset equipment states occur , such as when an error condition is detected .
 The service interacts with client software on a mobile device to sense presence of wifi networks and determine the device's physical location within Japan based on that access . The local client retrieves listings of wifi networks currently available to the device and submits the information to the server , which returns a location suggested by that combination of network access . The service maintains a database of locations and wifi access profiles which users can update to increase its accuracy over time .
 API methods log device characteristics and wifi access as reported by the installed client and return matching location , with estimated accuracy within 5-100 feet , depending on the density of wifi access points and other variables . Methods also allow device reports to update the database of locations and wifi access points available there .
 Hunt is a mobile advertising network targeting the Spanish speaking market throughout Latin America and the United States . The Hunt Mobile Ads Ad Request API provides a RESTful interface allowing customers to automate ad requests .
 Jibe Mobile is an app-to-app connection service provider . They provide tools for creating connected mobile experiences in peer-to-peer app usage . This includes features for video calling and chat , file and data transfer , and more . This allows players to compete , share , and increase social engagement with friends . The Jibe Mobile API exposes push notifications , messaging , and connection functionalities . It is a RESTful API and interested developers must request access .
 Koupon Media is a mobile coupon delivery platform . They provide coupon delivery and campaign management solutions for retailers and businesses . It offers several layers of fraud protection and numerous reporting features . Koupon will timestamp patronsâ € ™ acquisition , activation , and redemption of deals for businesses to see in real time . Koupon Media provides an API that exposes campaign management functions . It is a RESTful API that returns JSON and XML-encoded data .
 The gink GPS Data Web Service takes the work out of building custom communications servers for GPS tracking devices . This makes it possible to build a tracking application without worrying about implementing your own custom server . The gink REST API makes it simple to get tracking data on demand or to save for later processing . The API can integrate sample data into your application before purchasing a gink-box tracking unit . ( A gink-box receives position data from GPS satellites , as well as event data and status messages , and communicates with our servers , which process all incoming data and make them available via the REST web service . )
 Data available through the REST Webservice includes Most Recent Position , Accumulated Distance Traveled , Historical Position Data , Historical Event Data , and more . The information received is accessible via Desktop applications , Web applications , Mobile , and any platform that has access to the World Wide Web . The API Supports a variety of data output formats : XML , KML , JSON , and CSV
 Geosophic is a user engagement solutions provider for mobile games . Their gaming platform allows developers to take in user behavior data and turn it into user profiles . Developers can use this information to segment players and invite marketers with targeted ad campaigns . Geosophic also includes user engagement features such as leaderboards . The Geosophic API exposes the platforms essential information gathering and integration functionalities . It is a RESTful API that return JSON-formatted data .
 The InterfaceLIFT API offers downloadable high-resolution wallpapers for Iphone , Droid , computer screens , tablets and etc . Functionality includes calling about the camera used to take a certain wallpaper picture , lens types that fit a certain camera and overall information about a user or wallpaper . Users are required to sign up with the site for authentication and pay a small fee for accessing the API information from a managed site .
 The Sencha API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Sencha with other applications and to create new applications . Some example API methods include retrieving URLs , sending and receiving messages , pushing notifications , and managing account information .
 The Chartboost API supports HTTP methods and returns JSON formats with analytics reports data . User ID and user signature are required to authenticate . With the Chartboost API , developers can access campaign and app analytics , retrieve account and earnings information , and update campaign bids .
 PayGround's Express Checkout is a remote payment service that operates through PayGround's Mobile Payment system . It is designed to allow consumers to complete transactions quickly , using only their mobile number . Customers input their mobile phone number at the merchantÂ ´s checkout where the Express Checkout service is offered . PayGround then matches the mobile phone number with the customer's social security number , address , credit check , etc. using a series of look-ups . The customer chooses whether they would like to receive an invoice or to charge a debit or credit card . Thus , the payment does not end up on the usual mobile operator bill .
 The Express Checkout system is integrated into the developer's online checkout process using SOAP or REST APIs . Although parts of the PayGround website are offered in English , much of the API documentation is provided exclusively in Swedish .
 Goo.im ( formerly Goo-INsi ) is a file mirroring site , hosting mainly Android-related files . It provides a place for users to upload and download files to be used with their mobile devices for free . The site now mirrors official CyanogenMod builds , hundreds of ROMs , radio and firmware updates , and other miscellaneous files used for the development and rooting of Android devices .
 The goo.im API provides a JSON feed that can be used to show a list of selected ROMs on a website or to provide a continuously updated Google apps listing .
 PAYMILL ’s developer friendly REST API lets you accept credit and debit card payments directly in your website and mobile application . Available across Europe , online businesses are able to accept online payments globally , enabling them to scale internationally from the get-go . The API gives you full control of your checkout so you can deliver a user experience optimised for higher conversions . And with heavy-duty security measures already built-in – you can rest easy knowing your data secured .
 Guardly is a mobile personal safety application that lets smartphone users push a single button on their device to connect and alert friends , family and authorities in an emergency . The Guardly API gives developers the ability to integrate emergency response notification and collaboration functionality into their own applications . Interested developers should apply with the provider for access to the REStful API , developer key and documentation .
 The Daleeli Mobile API allows users to integrate access to Daleeli into applications for mobile devices . The API is accessible using SOAP calls in XML format . Relevant webpages and documentation are provided in both Arabic and English .
 The PayBy.Me API supports GET HTTP methods that return mobile payments platform features . Businesses can set up plans that allow their customers to pay by mobile or home telephone . Samples available in . NET and PHP languages .
 Voice-Jump offers VOIP services for individuals at home , for developers to build into mobile applications , and for business through a web portal . The Voice-Jump API includes several services : The Voice -2-Click , Voice_Web-Dialer , and Voice-Call-Back APIs revolve around calls over the internet . The Voice-Rate-Search API allows users to search for call rates based on tariffs , phone prefixes , and other criteria . The Top-Rates API lists calling costs by region and per minute calling cost , and the Top-Rates-News-Bar API provides this information in a horizontal scroll bar .
 BugSense is a real-time bug tracking service that collects and analyzes crash reports from mobile apps . Reports provide info on wifi status , SDK version , device , carrier , and more . The API allows users to send errors to BugSense from a third party app . The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON .
 Chitika is a user targeting ad network . It provides services to developers to enhance the revenue capacity of websites and applications . The Chitika API is REST based and returns only JSON . It allows users to add a Chitika map to websites which includes ad pins , or add phone numbers to ads that generate revenue based a per call basis not a per click basis . An API key is required for use .
 CampusCash Mobile is a mobile marketing service that combines SMS mobile text , Email , Myspace , Facebook , Instant Message , and Twitter . The CampusCash Mobile API allows users to synchronize a contact list or database with a user account . Functionality also includes two-way SMS communication , the creation of marketing keywords , and contact management . The API uses HTTP POST and GET and returns XML . To obtain an API key for use , users must have a full , non-trial , account with CampusCash Mobile and submit a request through the support dashboard .
 StormSwiftMedia.com is a mobile video distribution platform that can be used to send consumers video messages to their mobile devices . The StormSwift API allows users to retrieve video information from StormSwiftmedia.com including the title , description , the publishing date , and other information . The API returns JSON format and is accessible with API tokens .
 The Paydiant B2B Customer Care API returns JSON data with payment features to integrate into POS applications and mobile applications . The API allows developers to create a site that can access the Paydiant platform through its B2B Gateway . All communication , regardless of transport , needs to run over a TLS encrypted HTTPS session .
 Zerista is a data-management service for event planners . It provides a suite of tools for organizers and exhibitors to organize their planning and maximize the value of the information in those stages . Its features include directories and profiles for the eventâ € ™ s participants , social and private communication channels , scheduling , social media integration , and more . The Zerista API exposes functionalities to all of those categories . It is a RESTful API that returns JSON and XML data .
 Dalyo is a web platform for mobile application production . It provides a comprehensive toolbox that makes it easy to design , deploy , synchronize , and manage mobile applications that run on smartphones , PDAs , and web browsers . The Dalyo API allows users to edit data stored in Dalyo programmatically using SOAP calls .
 HockeyApp is an app testing service . It provides beta trial and analysis for developers perfecting their apps . Their products include customizable distribution systems , crash-reporting services , and usage analytics . These products are supported on multiple platforms , including iOS and Android . HockeyApp offers an API that exposes the distribution and crash-reporting functionality . It is a RESTful API that returns JSON-formatted data .
 Loc8 is a geolocating service for mobile apps . It provides pan-India coverage for determining the latitudinal and longitudinal coordinates of mobile phones without GPS-enablement . With Loc8 incorporated into their apps , developers can see what cell towers their users are near . This information is shared via Loc8â € ™ s RESTful API . The API allows developers to integrate the locational functionality into their apps code . The API responds in GeoJSON .
 Appcelerator is the leading enterprise-grade , cross-platform development solution that powers over 30,000 cloud-connected applications across mobile , desktop and web platforms . Appcelerator's leading product , Titanium , is the only mobile cloud platform to enable fully native , cross-platform mobile app and HTML5 web development , from a single codebase . Appcelerator Cloud Services ( ACS ) provides a number of data storage and web services such as user logins , photo uploads , checkins , status updates , push notifications and more . The API uses RESTful calls and responses are in JSON .
 FullCourt is a telephony app that connects mobile devices with web services . It transmits voice and other web-based messaging system to apps . The FullCourt service is a RESTful API that can be scaled and recombined to fit each developerâ € ™ s particular needs . The API exposes the serviceâ € ™ s entire telephony functionality . Developers can use the API to send call requests and retrieve user information . The API returns XML-encoded data .
 MobFox is an independent mobile advertising service . It provides services for publishers and for advertisers . Through their network of both , MobFox finds targeted outlets for businessesâ € ™ marketing campaigns . Businessesâ € ™ advertisements can be integrated with a numerous applications and websites . The MobFox API exposes the reporting data retrieval and remote account management functions . It is a RESTful API that returns XML-formatted data .
 SITA's 2D Boarding Pass API creates and delivers an IATA and TSA standard compliant 2D boarding pass image based on information and boarding pass delivery preferences provided by the airlines departure control / check-in application . Delivery options include email , SMS , Apple PassBook ( PassKit compatible ) or the board code image can be displayed on web , mobile web or pushed for used in Smartphone apps .
 Mocean Mobile is an advertising service for mobile devices . It offers publishers , mobile ad networks , and app stores a platform for maximizing their mobile revenue . The platform can be used to manage mobile ad campaigns , receive real-time reports and analytics , and support rich media advertisements . Mocean Mobile offers a REST API that allows developers to retrieve reporting data programmatically .
 API methods support sending of either tile or toast notifications , either immediately to a single device or via queued delivery to multiple devices . Queued delivery allows for multiple retries where devices are not available to receive messages . Methods also allow retrieval of a list of devices associated with an account .
 CallME ! Click-to-Call is web-based calling service . Users create accounts linked to their phone numbers and can manage incoming and outgoing telephony functions . Click-to-Call can be used as a long distance calling service , or can regulate operational hours for phone calls made from a userâ € ™ s website . They provide a RESTful API that exposes the Click-to-Callâ € ™ s essentially telephony functions as well as data retrieval .
 Popcarte provides custom cards , postcards and invitations , printed and sent directly to your recipient . The company's mobile app also allows your photos to be used on cards .
 The Popcarte SDK allows developers to include this functionality within their own applications . Provide the service with a photo and text to be used , then the users securely supplies credit card information and directly to Popcarte . Developers receive a portion of the sale .
 Geodrop is a platform for sending and receiving SMS messages as well as mobile payments . Users can send a bulk SMS message and receive them via a dedicated number . The API gives users the ability to send and receive messages , look up contact information , and make mobile payments . It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON . Some documentation is in Italian .
 Myxer is service for entertainment discovery . Users can browse through Myxerâ € ™ s catalog of media for free music , apps , movies , games , and more . They may also upload their own creations to the catalog . Myxer is well-integrated with Facebook and Twitter which allows users to share their favorite finds . The Myxer API is RESTful and exposes access to usersâ € ™ profiles , and the websiteâ € ™ s media catalog . It provides XML-formatted responses .
 TapCrowd is a mobile app development service . It is intended for businesses and brands to create content-delivery apps for their audiences . TapCrowd provides preset layouts and tools for different business types , such as â € œCar Dealersâ € and â € œEvents & Festivals.â € These layouts are further customizable . The RESTful TapCrowd API exposes the content updating functionality of their service . Developers can integrate this function with other backend or frontend components of the business . The API returns JSON-formatted data .
 Nexage is a mobile advertising platform where users can buy and sell advertising for mobile applications . Nexage provides services for both publishers and advertisers .
 The service polls a mobile device and provides information about its capabilities and desktop configuration . It detects a range of over 500 capabilities including operating system , Javascript support , supported image sizes , table support , and others .
 API methods support submission of a request specifying the mobile browser user-agent and the desired format for returned data . The API responds with detailed specifications for the system submitting the request for use in configuring display options to maximize device-specific compatibility .
 ZooZ provides a quick and easy way to checkout and pay on mobile devices . With the multi-platform ZooZ SDK , mobile developers can easily integrate secure in-app payments with a few lines of code . After integration , app users are offered a true mobile wallet that is fast , easy to use and secure . ZooZ also aggregates various payment sources , such as credit cards and PayPal in one universal solution ( additional eWallets and carrier billing coming soon ) . User details are securely stored in a cloud environment and shared across supporting apps , resulting in higher conversion rates and a quicker checkout experience .
 Kony is a mobile application development service . Kony helps customers build mobile applications , as well as hosting mobile applications and providing backend solutions for mobile applications .
 The service provides tracking and oversight tools for mobile workers . It helps with measurement and management of remote employees to ensure effective mobile service . It integrates with third-party systems to exchange information about staff locations and activities , with reporting intervals from 5 minutes to once per day or week .
 The Moki Total Control provides programmatic access for Moki's functionality for devices and device actions . Moki provides a cloud-based mobile device management ( MDM ) platform allowing developers to manage iOS and Android devices remotely . Developers can retrieve data about devices , profiles , managed apps , action status , and more , plus remove devices and manage tags .
 Teleportd is a service that aggregates , organizes , and makes photos taken and shared from smartphones searchable . Teleportd allows customers to search photos and contact the owner for permissions .
 Duo Security enables protected login and transactional functions for smartphones users . It does this by sending users authorization verification from web-based platform to their phones , in addition to their login . Their REST API provides integration to their two-factor authentication process . It is a RESTful API , and returns JSON ( defaut ) , BSON , and XML responses .
 Duo Security enables protected login and transactional functions for smartphones users . It does this by sending users authorization verification from web-based platform logins to their phones . Their Verify API provides access to the verification function with a one-time PIN number , as well as lookup methods for specific phone numbers and IP addresses . The API is RESTful and responds with JSON , BSON , and XML .
 txtNation is a Mobile Billing and SMS Messaging provider . The txtNation Gateway HLR Mobile Number lookup platform enables companies to retrieve accurate and efficient network information directly from the GSM network in real time . The API provides access to the platform's functionality allowing developer to build various applications . Examples of functionality provided by the API include validating the integrity of mobile subscribers in a database , optimizing message and call-routing by directing SMS messages to the correct network and preventing fraud by implementing ID verification .
 Firebase Hosting gives developers a fast , secure and reliable way to host their app's static assets such as HTML , CSS , JavaScript , and media files . It is backed by a global CDN , serves content over SSL by default , and is available either a custom domain or on a subdomain of firebaseapp.com .
 Keen IO helps app developers build custom analytics & data science features directly into their mobile apps and web dashboards . Keen IO provides the infrastructure and APIs to collect data and build analytics into your business .
 The service provides a data-collection platform for smartphones designed to invite and log user responses for any application . Forms and collection tools provide touch-friendly controls for ease of use , logical question selection and branching based on user responses , and configurable themes . Data analysis and report tools retrieve responses with a range of visualization options .
 The service supports creation and delivery of mobile applications under the iOS and Android operating systems based on HTML5 . Applications developed and hosted within the platform can take advantage of authentication services , in-app payments functions , rich-media messaging , and user analytics reports .
 AlertRocket is a service that allows users to send mobile push notifications via their web sites and web applications . The service embeds links on web sites that users can then click to subscribe to receive notifications on their smartphones and tablets . The API exposes this functionality and makes it available to developers . Calls include sending push notifications , modifying registrations , and viewing registrations and feedback . The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON .
 The Mxit API allows developers to access and integrate Mxit with other applications and to create new applications . Some example API methods include sending and receiving messages , listing and retrieving elements , and managing user accounts .
 The Turkish service provides a single platform to collect payments via mobile devices , using either SMS text message , GSM messaging , or web . Payment functions handle transactions like physical products , website subscriptions , content payments , online games , online betting , movie and event ticketing , and more .
 API methods support registration of a vendor's SMS application and exchanging messages as well as registration and interactions with a web commerce application . The service processes the requested payment and returns a status message with confirmation or error notification .
 The service provides access to a database of mobile devices and their characteristics for use in detecting and optimizing performance for a specific user platform . It gives high-performance access to the collaborative dotMobi listing , a comprehensive catalog , updated daily , of mobile devices and their characteristics .
 API methods support requests providing device identifiers and return full device descriptions and characteristics . Applications can then optimize for the parameters detected .
 My-Cool-SMS lets users send and receive international SMS text messages via web , mobile device , desktop programs and API for a low price . The service sends SMS via Wi-Fi or 3G connections meaning users are not required to have a SIM card . My-Cool-SMS provides web applications that allow users to manager their contacts and messaging campaigns as well as perform analytics .
 The My-Cool-SMS API allow users to send and receive SMS text messages , manage mailing lists and retrieve delivery reports . The API can be used to integrate the gateway with any web site or third party application . It uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in JSON .
 SendHub is a simple messaging service that lets users send and receive texts for free and access analytics on their performance . SendHub users can let their contacts join groups simply by texting a specified keyword . Users can send messages from any cell phone or web browser without having to install an application . The SendHub API lets developers integrate text messaging functionality into their own applications . Functionality includes sending messages , accessing contacts , viewing groups , viewing threads and more . The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON .
 The GSMA OneAPI is a set of APIs that expose network capabilities over HTTP . The OneAPI Zonal Presence interface allows a Web application to query a â € ˜Zoneâ € ™ . A zone is a cluster of one or more Femtocells to which end user phones may be connected . With the Zonal Presence API you can determine the number of users in a zone , be notified of entries to / exits from the Zone , and the user path taken through the Femtocells in a Zone .
 Vserv.mobi is a leading mobile advertising network that offers Mobile App and Mobile Web advertising for mobile developers , publishers and advertisers . Vserv provides an HTTP based API to application developers to fetch ads to be rendered within mobile applications or on properties like wap pages . Response formats are either an image or text .
 ViaFo provides a range of solutions for mobile developers that allow them to add services such as Twitter and Facebook in their apps . Viafoâ € ™ s Services Gateway takes popular actions , such as share , upload , check in , local search , and tags and unifies them across the major services . For consumers , the service lets them aggregate all RSS , news and social networking feeds onto their mobile device . For enterprises , ViaFo solutions allow mobile access to services from a dedicated client . The API gives developers access to the functionality of the ViaFo Services Gateway . It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON .
 The CityGrid network APIs give developers access to premium local content including user reviews , editorial content , merchant messages & more , across 75K neighborhoods nationwide . CityGrid Media is an online media company that connects web and mobile publishers with local advertising organizations by linking them through CityGrid , its local content and advertising network .
 CityGrid provides a set of local advertising APIs , where users can request ads by category and geography , and CityGrid servers will generate advertisements from their advertising partner network . Users can choose to have CityGrid generate ad images , or simply obtain ad data from CityGrid and render the images themselves . Users can get ad information in XML or JSON , or make an Ajax call to have the images loaded directly in their pages . Users can also get paid for various impressions and referrals from certain business listings provided by the Places API , by adding tracking code to their pages and referral parameters to URLs .
 The GSMA OneAPI is a set of APIs that expose network capabilities over HTTP . The OneAPI MMS / SMS interface allows a Web application to send and receive MMS and SMS messages . It uses both REST and SOAP protocola with responses in XML and JSON .
 Inneractive is a mobile ad mediation provider with over 100 ad networks and local agencies available at the click of a button . Inneractive helps developers monetize their apps by giving them tools that let them serve targeted ads to their users . The company offers SDKs for Android , J2ME , Symbian & Qt . For other platforms , developers can use an HTTP based API to gain access to multiple ad networks . Documentation for the API is not publicly available .
 TagLabs created its ActiveTag platform to allow clients to integrate QR codes with their mobile advertising and marketing efforts . ActiveTag allows its users to generate QR codes and tie actions or content to them , enabling incentives and promotions to engage users with push-oriented interactions . Currently , only the highest " Enterprise " plan gives access to the ActiveTag API , and its associated analytics software .
 The WallaBee API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of WallaBee with other applications and to create new applications . Some example API methods include searching and returning items and images , displaying activity feeds , and accessing store items .
 Esponce is a mobile marketing platform that allows users to create QR codes , track and analyze their use , and integrate codes with mobile web apps . Through their mobile marketing platform , Esponce also provides features for mobile content and delivery , including a white label solution that is designed to give users an optimized platform for building and deploying their web apps without having to configure them for multiple mobile OS's .
 Esponce's RESTful API uses XML or JSON data formats to generate or decode QR codes without an API key . With an API key , users can take advantage of more robust features such as managing campaigns , generating lists of campaigns and trackable QR codes , managing QR codes , and gathering usage statistics about individual QR codes .
 Msgme is a digital messaging and mobile marketing CRM platform . It allows businesses to create interactive dialogues with their customers through the use of SMS , MMS , QR Codes , voice and social channels . The API is a suite of services that give developers access to the full functionality of the platform . Developers can manipulate data across subscription lists , create or delete campaigns , manage subscribers , pull content from feeds , look up account keywords , retrieve voicemails and interact with the messaging system . The API uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in XML .
 ABTXT is an SMS gateway provider allowing clients to use the gateway on their own sites and provide SMS services to their site visitors . The API lets developers access the service programmatically . Methods exposed by the API include sending single / multiple sms messages , check user balance , check delivery status , scheduling messages and more . The API uses HTTP calls .
 SUMOTEXT is an SMS marketing service provider that allow companies to control their text message marketing , SMS alerts and short code notifications . The SMS Gateway API lets users send and receive SMS from their web sites and applications through the use of short codes . Coverage includes the U.S. , Canada and over 800 carriers in over 200 countries . The API uses HTTP calls . Developers can call to request API documentation .
 MdotM is a mobile ad network that provides application promotion and monetization services through advertising . The API lets users access the platform's functionality such as tracking conversion events , retrieving account history , campaign performance data , audience statistics and updating campaign parameters such as bids , targeting and caps . The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON .
 Centili is a cloud based mobile payments service . Consumers can use Centili to charge their purchases of online products to their phone bill . The Centili API gives partners the ability to control and customize their payment process . The API can be used by independent developers , B2B Partners , commercial cloud solutions and vertical market specialists . API documentation is not publicly available but can be access to registered partners .
 TeleSign's Messaging service is a REST API that allows you to send SMS messages , alerts , reminders , and notifications , or send verification messages containing one-time passcodes ( OTP ) . TeleSign provides a way to build communications and account security into your web and mobile apps . It is a cloud communications platform that empowers Web and mobile app developers build powerful and secure communication products using a dynamic platform with a large global network . TeleSign supports numerous use cases from SMS and voice messaging , two-factor authentication ( 2FA ) , one-time passwords ( OTPs ) , data intelligence , fraud scoring and more . TeleSign ‘s easy-to-integrate APIs and SDKs deliver speed , reliability and proven success , that maintains high quality direct-to-carrier routes to ensure a reliable global reach . TeleSign handles billions of communication transactions each year , across 200 countries and 87 languages . Four of the 5 largest companies in the world trust TeleSign to deliver mission critical communications and account security with the highest availability .
 Apsalar supports a REST API for submitting events which allows Apsalar to be integrated into existing applications . Full documentation is not publicly available but developers can obtain access by contacting the provider .
 The ProTexting SMS API allows users programmatic access to some of the services provided by a ProTexting SMS account , including sending and receiving SMS messages , getting message details ( including carrier , message ID number , and delivery status ) , and checking or reserving keywords , managing contacts and groups , send and receive MMS ( photos and videos ) , send and receive international SMS and MMS .
 Betwext is a SMS messaging company that provides users with a variety of SMS related features and services . Their primary business comes from Betwext Broacast , which provides services for managing and executing SMS campaigns . Broadcast allows users to manage subscribers , execute A / B testing through SMS , create keyword responses , and segment and target campaigns .
 The Betwext Broadcast API allows programmatic access to many features of their Broadcast service , including managing subscribers , lists , keywords , and campaigns . This is RESTful API that returns data in XML or JSON , and requires an API Key for access .
 SMStrade provides services for sending and receiving SMS messages internationally . They offer SMS gateway services , providing bulk SMS capability , HTTP and email integration for SMS reception , and a web payment system that is available in 60 countries .
 The majority of the SMStrade API is available over HTTP , though limited SOAP services are available , and all API methods are available over SSL . The API provides functionality for sending and receiving messages , account management , reporting , and bulk and time-delayed messages . There is also documented support for sending messages with international characters .
 iVisionMobile provides mobile messaging and marketing solutions for companies looking to address their messaging needs with a web-based software platform . Their software handles both individual or batch messaging , depending on user needs .
 The iVisionMobile SOAP and REST-based API's include services for interacting with their SMS gateway , such as data importing and exporting , messaging , and reporting . Their API's also provide services for mobile content delivery , allowing users to deliver messages , set up SMS polls , or send inline links .
 SMSGlobal is an sms provider providing web and application based interfaces for sending and receiving SMS . The API allows developers to integrate their applications or web sites to SMSGlobal . It can be used for both one way and two way communication . The API is available in HTTP , SOAP and SMPP formats .
 The Econz Timecard API is a SOAP based service that allows users to integrate their current systems with Timecard software and services . The API provides methods for retrieving , updating , and deleting data stored on the Timecard server .
 Econz Eservice is a Mobile Field Service Dispatch and Work Order Management System that works on Cell Phones , Smart Phones , and Tablets . Eservice is web-based software that enables a field service team to receive and respond to customer work orders .
 This API enables companies to dispatch jobs to mobile devices , send and receive wireless forms , track events and locations of GPS-enabled cell phones , get location-based alerts , and gather custom reports from connected mobile devices .
 DIDWW is a service that provides local phone numbers in numerous countries and cities . DIDWW also provides call forwarding to VoIP , mobile phones , and other phones around the world .
 Photopoll is an application that allows users to take and share photos for instant feedback from their friends and followers . Users can take photos , customize them , share them with their friends , and poll their friends for their feedback .
 Dialogue provides interactive services for mobile messaging and mobile billing . Dialogueâ € ™ s bulk SMS API product lets users send bulk SMS text messages to global networks from their applications using an SMS gateway platform . Users can connect to Dialogueâ € ™ s SMS gateway platform with one of the following SMS API interfaces : HTTP , SOAP , SMTP , SMPP . Developers must contact Dialogue for API documentation .
 Socialize is a service that provides developers with a drop-in social platform for their mobile apps , with an iOS and an Android SDK available . With the Socialize service users can like , share , and comment on content directly from an app , and users can view statistics , such as views , for different items . With the Socialize API , users are more engaged in developer's apps , which can increase revenue from ads for the developer .
 PixlinQ is a mobile visual search feature that can be integrated into mobile applications or used with mobile email and MMS . PixlinQ lets developers link their users to targeted digital content directly on their phones whenever users take pictures of developer's printed content . The pixlinQ searchimage API allows developers to integrate visual search functionality into their applications using an API key and database of images they have created with the pixlinQ CMS . Supported formats include jpeg , png , bmp , gif . The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON .
 StorageRoom is a cloud-based CMS for the data in user Mobile Applications . It provides a platform to manage content online and to integrate that content into one or multiple mobile or desktop apps . The API lets users integrate the StorageRoom service into their applications . The API provides almost all of StorageRoom's functionality including : Create a new Collection that contains further Entries Add new Entries , your Collection's validation rules will be obeyed Update or delete any Entry Search all your Entries to only get the data you require .
 AppsGeyser is a web platform that allows users to convert any web content to apps for Android OS . With AppsGeyser users can clip any web content or get any web widget and convert it to an app . The Appsgeyser API allows users to convert existing web content , HTML5 and web widgets into native Android mobile apps via a web call . Users can send an XML request along with the web content using predetermined parameters such as name , description and images for the app . The native mobile app is created instantly and users are provided with a direct link and QR Code for download . AppsGeyser API works over HTTP and accepts POST requests . The API is currently in private Beta and full documentation is not publicly available .
 VodoModo provides premium geolocation video for location , map and navigation services , both mobile and web . The Vodomodo API supports three main API functions : the tour list , tour detail and video key calls . The tour list call returns a list of the currently active tours in the Vodomodo system . The tour detail call returns all of the details for a specific tour in the Vodomodo system . The video key call returns a key that allows access to one of the videos on the Vodomodo platform . The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML .
 Connection Software is a supplier of SMS and MMS services including text messaging , ringtones , graphics , Java applications , MMS and related software including J2ME . It provides an API that lets users upload a RTTTL or RTX ringtone string to the library . The API uses HTTP protocol .
 Proxomo is a cloud infrastructure solution specifically designed with mobile developers in mind . The tool kit is for social location aware applications . The Proxomo services help developers realize results faster and cheaper by allowing them to focus on the mobile app or website freeing them from worrying about developing connections to external services and rolling a scalable server infrastructure for hosting . Proxomoï ¿ ½ s API allows third-party developers to leverage this platform in any given social context .
 The Verizon ThingSpace MapQuest API is a Geospatial toolkit using the MapQuest platform to incorporate location-based functionality into your applications . MapQuest provides businesses and developers with an industry-leading geospatial platform that includes the tools , resources , and expertise needed to build rich and engaging geospatial solutions across Web , mobile Web , native mobile , and desktop . These MapQuest tools are available on ThingSpace on a trial basis . During a trial , you can perform up to 15,000 transactions at no charge .
 The Yandeks Detektor API provides the ability to model definition and characteristics of the mobile device user site on the headers of HTTP-requests transmitted by the browser to the device . The API allows users to define the following parameters and configure the device : model and manufacturer ; screen resolution ; kind of platform and type of distribution J2ME ( 4 categories ) ; Java-based application features ( access to the camera and the file system device type of the root certificate and the size of the application's icon ) . The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML .
 The Address Book API from Vodafone is part of a suite of JavaScript-based widget APIs that provide mobile web applications access to the underlying hardware . In the case of the Address Book API , developers can access the contacts and calendar items stored on the phone .
 The Audio API from Vodafone is part of a suite of JavaScript-based widget APIs that provide mobile web applications access to the underlying hardware . The Audio API lets developers play common audio formats right in the mobile browser . The API provides a basic player interface including : * play , pause , resume , and stop functions * allows repeat play * supports playing of local and remote files , i.e. audio streaming
 The Accelerometer API from Vodafone is part of a suite of JavaScript-based widget APIs that provide mobile web applications access to the underlying hardware . The Accelerometer API provides access to the device's accelerometer , which determines the position and movement of the device .
 ThirdPresence API can be used to do a deep integration of ThirdPresence mobile video platform , which is a white-label mobile video publishing service . Developers can integrate ThirdPresence into their content management system or any application . The API allows applications to list , update , add and delete videos . Additionally , the API provides access to the categorization system used by ThirdPresence .
 Using this API , a developer's application can access the China Mobile 139 platform , open the data and its business functions . Mobile Internet provides access to API 139 multi-lingual client SDK , through the SDK , can help developers access to API interface . Developers can access functionality such as returning lists of users and friends , reply to feeds , access photo albums and more . An API key is required and it uses RESTful protocol . Responses are formatted in XML and JSON . The site and documentation are in Chinese .
 The MapQuest Open Guidance API allows developers to create mobile navigation applications . Rather than simply providing the geometry of a route and narrative directions , the Guidance API shares the graph and nodes of the streets . Developers can use the service , along with the user's current location , to determine what street a user is passing and whether the user needs to turn .
 The MapQuest Open Guidance API is built on OpenStreetMap data . Like other open MapQuest services , this one is made available free of charge and without limits . The RESTful API returns either XML or JSON .
 The Gloe API is an HP Labs experiment in geo-tagging . The service allows developers to retrieve links that correspond to a specific location . The database is pre-populated with Wikipedia articles , but developers can also help their users add to the database . Applications , most likely from mobile devices , can provide their location and suggest a link for that location .
 Display ads to mobile users with the BlueVia Advertising API . BlueVia is a developer initiative from communications company Telefï ¿ ½ nica . The Advertising API provides both text and image ads via a REST API . Developers can them take the elements of the advertisement and display it in a method appropriate for their applications .
 The Kontagent API allows developers to integrate the Kontagent service into their applications . With the API users can send data to Kontagent as well as perform A / B testing . Users can set up automated responses and the logging of data for particular user actions . The API also allows for the receipt of reports and details for specific users or sets of users . The Custom Event method provides a great amount of customization so developers can create triggers that match their needs . The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in JSON .
 Opt It Mobile is a mobile marketing application . The Opt It Mobile API is a RESTful API that allows developers to build their own applications around Opt It Mobile's tools . Data is returned in either an XML or JSON format . Through the API , users can create and manage Subscriptions , Keywords , Interests , Members , and Send Messages to their members .
 Mozes is the leader in mobile engagement around music , sports , entertainment and causes . The Developer API provides a way to use Mozes keywords to interface with systems . First , set a Dynamic Content URL which specifies the location of your script . Then , whenever your keyword is texted , your script will be called with the input from the text message .
 The Moodstocks API enables users to integrate visual search into an application . Moodstocks is a company dedicated to visual search on the Internet . They analyze images in terms of their visual properties like color , shape , and texture , interlink them based on their visual similarity and display them into state-of-the-art interfaces . The Moodstocks API provides users with a set of web services to deal with image recognition . It comes with a dashboard to upload data and follow stats in real time . It uses a RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in JSON .
 The RESTful Location API enables users to locate themselves , or provide your application with permission to do so . Alternatively , you can use the IW Location API to retrieve a cell tower's location using the mcc , mnc and cellid from the mobile device .
 The openBmap API returns GPS coordinates and polygon of the considered cellular zone . openBmap is a free and open map of wireless communicating objects ( e.g. cellular antenna , Wi-Fi , Bluetooth ) . It provides tools to mutualize data , create and access this map . With the API users can get the GPS position from cellular networks Cell id . If the cell is not found in the database , it returns LAC data . If the LAC is not found in the database , it returns the MNC data . The API uses RESTful protocol and responses can be formatted in either XML , JSON or TXT .
 The Funambol Cloud API ( CAPI ) makes it easy for developers to create mobile cloud apps and services that use address book and calendar data , as well as pictures , that are stored in a Funambol mobile cloud server . It can also be used to upload and or update all the data on myFunambol . This allows mobile devices and their data to be rapidly integrated into an app or service . Funambol is the leading provider of mobile cloud sync . Its mobile open source platform can be used for many types of mobile applications , including push email , PIM data synchronization and device management . The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in JSON . API examples are provided for Ajax , Java and PHP .
 The ViewText API allows users to request online article text in JSONP format . ViewText transforms web pages into an easy to read format , cleaned of navigation elements , scripts , and other objects , leaving only text to read . Users give ViewText a URL , and it returns just the page content . ViewText also handles RSS feeds , transforming feeds which contain snippets of content into a new feed containing the full article content . Future releases of ViewText will handle additional formats . ViewText was created to make browsing news articles and blog posts easier on mobile phones .
 From the site : " Mimvi is completely committed to open and close collaboration with all developersï ¿ ½ large and smallï ¿ ½ across the board . Our goal is to ensure your efforts are rewarded ; your app reaches the right user at the right time ; enabling you to focus your efforts on what really mattersï ¿ ½ developing apps . " The API offers access to a mobile app search engine , featuring a RESTful protocol and returning data via the XML format .
 The Matrix SMS Gateway API allows for integration with various front-end and legacy systems . Matrix SMS Gateway for group messaging provides businesses a hosted messaging platform to add SMS capability to any system , application or website . The APIs offer users a choice of connection options ( HTTP , HTTPS , SMTP ) that are flexible and will fit many kinds of usage . API functionality includes sending SMS and voice messages , querying message status and cellular carrier lookup . Responses can be formatted in XML or JSON .
 Users can enhance their apps using lukup APIs for cross platform messaging , search , news feeds , contacts , location , etc. lukout is a location based search and messaging widget for mobile phones . lukup provides APIs to enable applications' written once , to run on multiple consumer devices ( mobile phones , desktops , etc )' and enable them to connect to multiple social networks ( facebook , twitter , google , yahoo ) . Documentation is provided for a RESTful API with responses in JSON . A JavaScript API is also available .
 Geomena is an open geo database of WiFi access points meant to be used for geolocation . The database is as open as Wikipedia , editable and downloadable by anyone to use however they want . The API provides a way to be able to add data programmatically . It will enable applications that sniff WiFi and combine with location ( either grabbed via GPS , address , or other methods ) .
 The TrackID web service API provides access to location-enabled music charts and is part of the Sony Ericsson OpenAPI program . This API will allow application developers to adapt and combine this service with their own mobile experiences .
 The SFR SMS API allows users to send and receive SMS . This service allows : sending SMS Text , sending SMS wap push including a url , sending SMS binary , sending SMS concatenated ( over 180 characters ) and the reception of SMS . The site is in French and public documentation is not available .
 The Veriplace Developer API provides access to real-time and historic user location . It is REST-based , exposing location and privacy operations as standard HTTP requests , and uses the OAuth and OpenID standards for authorization and authentication .
 The WURFL is an XML configuration file which contains information about capabilities and features of many mobile devices . WURFL Web Service provides a RESTful interface to the WURFL database . If a user is writing a web application for mobile phones and needs to know the capabilities of a specific device , they can use this service to query the exact capabilities of the device without having to build an implementation of WURFL . Responses are returned in JSON format .
 The Motime Open Access platform is an affiliate program based on the APIs of the Motime service , that allows partners / affiliates to advertise Motime content on their own web and / or mobile sites and earn money for each referral given to Motime .
 The Motime Open Access platform is an affiliate program based on the APIs of the Motime service , that allows partners / affiliates to advertise Motime content on their own web and / or mobile sites and earn money for each referral given to Motime .
 TomTom WEBFLEET.connect is the API of the TomTom WEBFLEET SaaS fleet management system . The WEBFLEET.connect API provides real-time , 24/7 access to a fleets vehicle management , job dispatch , and reporting data .
 The Qik Platform Application Programming Interface enables anyone to integrate or build web , desktop , phone applications to take advantage of Qik's mobile video sharing platform .
 This API is an XML interface to the Clickatell gateway . It is a simple way to integrate legacy systems with SMS . It provides interoperability amongst heterogeneous systems because it is language independent . It supports batch sending , delay delivery , delivery acknowledgements and sender ID . XML also provides support for extended length messages , converters for ringtones and logos , and allows for prioritised message queuing and gateway escalation . All the Clickatell API ’s support text , Unicode , binary SMS and flash messaging , providing a way to send SMS messages around the world to clients , staff or user-database . Clickatell covers over 819 networks in more than 220 countries . Connecting you to the wireless world through simple integration while offering customization and personalization .
 The Clickatell FTP API allows you to upload a text file to the Clickatell FTP server to send bulk SMS . It provides once-off , high volume message dispatches for promotions and other messaging that is not time-sensitive , with a limit of 50,000 messages at a time . With the FTP API , you can send concatenated messages , use ringtone and logo converters , set up sender ID and more . You will also have access to gateway escalation and queuing , which lets you specify up to 3 prioritized queues according to which messages will be sent out . All the Clickatell API ’s support text , Unicode , binary SMS and flash messaging , providing a way to send SMS messages around the world to clients , staff or user-database . Clickatell covers over 819 networks in more than 220 countries . Connecting you to the wireless world through simple integration while offering customization and personalization .
 The Clickatell SMTP API allows you to send an email to the Clickatell server , send bulk SMS , connect to the SMS Gateway and send email to SMS . SMTP provides connectivity from the legacy server , particularly server-generated e-mail . It is useful for notification alerts and provides support for extended length messages , converters , delivery acknowledgements and more . SMTP also provides access to gateway escalation and queuing . All the Clickatell API ’s support text , Unicode , binary SMS and flash messaging , providing a way to send SMS messages around the world to clients , staff or user-database . Clickatell covers over 819 networks in more than 220 countries . Connecting you to the wireless world through simple integration while offering customization and personalization .
 The Clickatell FTP API is typically used by enterprises and large organizations for high volume sending . It provides a direct connection , initiated by you , to the Clickatell SMS Gateway . This enables you to send out a high volume of messages at high speed each month with real-time messaging via a 24/7 authenticated connection to Clickatell . With SMPP the client is continuously connected to the Clickatell gateway , allowing you to send large volumes of SMS messages in a short period of time . The standard protocol requires no programming if you have SMPP client software installed . Clickatell supports connections via SMPP using the global SMPP 3.4 standard , and is backward compatible . The SMPP connection supports extended length messages , provides converters to turn ringtones and logos into the correct format , allows delivery acknowledgement and more . All the Clickatell API ’s support text , Unicode , binary SMS and flash messaging , providing a way to send SMS messages around the world to clients , staff or user-database . Clickatell covers over 819 networks in more than 220 countries . Connecting you to the wireless world through simple integration while offering customization and personalization .
 Geographic coordinates for latitude and longitude are provided from a database that includes cell IDs from 200 + countries and 4M + cells .
 The MCCMNC API returns coarse location based on Mobile Country Code and Mobile Network Code . World wide roaming capable mobile phones ( cell phones ) can display the mobile country code ( MCC ) and mobile network code ( MNC ) on the screen . This API decodes the combination of MCC and MNC , back to name of the country , operator name , capital of the city and capital city location ( with latitude and longitude ) .
 The TextMagic API is a web based text messaging solution for businesses . TextMagic's Email to SMS service lets you can send and receive text messages via email . It works with any email account and can be used as an email based API . The SMS Gateway API is secure and can be integrated with TextMagic ready made SMS scripts .
 Xtify is a mobile application which brings the power of location to web applications . It acts as a bridge between smart phone users and web developers , allowing the two to talk " location " . The Xtify API provides a simple interface for a web content provider to access a user's location .
 PlayPhone provides personalization and entertainment content to mobile consumers in the form of ringtones , and mobile games . The PlayPhone API , updated weekly , gives you access to mobile download databases . Using the API , you can display mobile content from PlayPhone's content catalog on your website with dynamic search and RSS feed capabilities .
 PlayPhone is a leading global media company present in over 20 countries throughout North America , Europe , Asia and Latin America that provides cutting edge personalization and entertainment content to mobile consumers in the form of ringtones , mobile games and much more . Headquartered in San Jose , Calif. , PlayPhone founded the direct-to-consumer mobile media distribution standard in 2003 and continues to innovate new means for interacting with mobile users and delivering wireless entertainment .
 PlayPhone gives consumers access to a unique and often exclusive media catalog spanning audio , video and gaming content from leading music labels and artists , game publishers and media companies the likes of Sony BMG , EMI , Disney , SEGA , Konami and many others . The company currently operates its own leading mobile entertainment destination at PlayPhone.com in both English and Spanish as well as powers subscription-based mobile destinations for the world's top entertainment and retail brands including Wal-Mart , ABC Television , Cartoon Network , Adult Swim , Real Networks , iPlay and many more .
 Daopay enables global payments , charged to the phone bill . Supports payments from mobile and landline phones and by SMS and works in over 200 countries . Our API sends you HTTP Notifications ; we call your web app when you've received a payment .
 Use the TxtImpact API to send and receive messages from application to mobile phone users worldwide . Use the API to send and receive SMS messages directly from your apps or site and to receive SMS directly to your server . No SMS / SMPP gateway is required to be installed on the client site . You could use this service for mobile marketing .
 88 Miles lets you rrack time by punching in and punching out to auto-generate timesheet data , optionally generate invoices , tag and categorize staff , track projects , receive overbudget notifications , and more . Mobile functionality available . Programmatically access your account's data .
 Ez Texting's flexible APIs allow you to rapidly integrate text messaging into your own web , desktop or mobile app . We offer a REST API as well as a legacy HTTP API . The REST API can return results in XML or JSON .
 We provide the most competitively priced messaging in the industry through our short codes in the United States and
 If you simply want to send and receive text messages , our sending and receiving APIs are a perfect solution . If you're looking for deeper integration and other features , we offer a number of other APIs :
 * Our Carrier Lookup API is a unique service that returns the most up to date wireless carrier attached to a particular phone number .
 From their site : The Twitxr API has been created to let users and partners develop applications which can interact with Twitxr . The API returns Twitxr data in a form that can be easily integrated into any application or web site . With twitxr you can share a moment , a picture , a thought , instantly with your mobile phone . Take a picture , type a short text , and then post it . Automatically post to your Twitter , Flickr and Facebook profile .
 From their site : Upside Wireless Inc. is a leading North American company that specializes in providing global mobile messaging services and applications for consumer and enterprise markets . Upside's flexible two-way SMS platform enables enterprise customers to efficiently connect existing corporate applications to the global text messaging network . For your convenience , we offer three connectivity options : SOAP , HTTP and SMTP .
