 Return the result as a list of indices representing the starting position of each interval ( 0-indexed ) . If there are multiple answers , return the lexicographically smallest one .
 Both input arrays are non-empty and have the same length .
 Given two non-negative integers num1 and num2 represented as string , return the sum of num1 and num2 .
 Find the maximum width of a ramp in A . If one doesn't exist , return 0 .
 Return True if the array is good otherwise return False .
 Given an integer array nums , find three numbers whose product is maximum and return the maximum product .
 Given an N x N grid containing only values 0 and 1 , where 0 represents water and 1 represents land , find a water cell such that its distance to the nearest land cell is maximized and return the distance .
 For number 4 in the first array , you can not find the next greater number for it in the second array , so output -1 .
 Given an integer number n , return the difference between the product of its digits and the sum of its digits .
 Given a m * n matrix mat and an integer K , return a matrix answer where each answer [ i ] [ j ] is the sum of all elements mat [ r ] [ c ] for i-K &lt; = r &lt; = i + K , j-K &lt; = c &lt; = j + K , and ( r , c ) is a valid position in the matrix .
 Here is a diagram of the given tree :
 The length sum of elements in the given array will not exceed 600,000 .
 Given a list of three points in the plane , return whether these points are a boomerang .
 The function twoSum should return indices of the two numbers such that they add up to the target , where index1 must be less than index2 .
 If there are multiple solutions , return the subsequence with minimum size and if there still exist multiple solutions , return the subsequence with the maximum total sum of all its elements . A subsequence of an array can be obtained by erasing some ( possibly zero ) elements from the array .
 This demonstrated that taking the first 5 was a winning move for Alex , so we return true .
 Given the integer array cardPoints and the integer k , return the maximum score you can obtain .
 Each philosopher must alternately think and eat . However , a philosopher can only eat spaghetti when they have both left and right forks . Each fork can be held by only one philosopher and so a philosopher can use the fork only if it is not being used by another philosopher . After an individual philosopher finishes eating , they need to put down both forks so that the forks become available to others . A philosopher can take the fork on their right or the one on their left as they become available , but can not start eating before getting both forks .
 Stores the key and value , along with the given timestamp .
 Given the integer n representing the number of courses at some university labeled from 1 to n , and the array dependencies where dependencies [ i ] = [ x i , y i ] represents a prerequisite relationship , that is , the course x i must be taken before the course y i . Also , you are given the integer k .
 The given num does not contain any leading zero .
 Note again that at each step of the above process , the order of the books we place is the same order as the given sequence of books . For example , if we have an ordered list of 5 books , we might place the first and second book onto the first shelf , the third book on the second shelf , and the fourth and fifth book on the last shelf .
 Given a list of queries , and a pattern , return an answer list of booleans , where answer [ i ] is true if and only if queries [ i ] matches the pattern .
 The given binary tree will have between 1 and 3000 nodes .
 The length of the given string will in the range [ 1 , 10,000 ] .
 Given an initial computer network connections . You can extract certain cables between two directly connected computers , and place them between any pair of disconnected computers to make them directly connected . Return the minimum number of times you need to do this in order to make all the computers connected . If it's not possible , return -1 .
 Given two arrays of integers nums1 and nums2 , return the number of triplets formed ( type 1 and type 2 ) under the following rules :
 The size of the input 2D-array will be between 3 and 1000 .
 We are also given the list G , a subset of the values in the linked list .
 Given an array of integers A sorted in non-decreasing order , return an array of the squares of each number , also in sorted non-decreasing order .
 The number of nodes in the given tree is less than 4096 .
 Formally , return the largest V for which V = ( A [ i ] + A [ i +1 ] + ... + A [ i + L-1 ] ) + ( A [ j ] + A [ j +1 ] + ... + A [ j + M-1 ] ) and either :
 If there is no common prefix , return an empty string " " .
 Given an integer array nums , return the sum of divisors of the integers in that array that have exactly four divisors .
 Write a SQL solution to output big countries' name , population and area .
 Given an input string ( s ) and a pattern ( p ) , implement regular expression matching with support for' .' and' *' where :
 You are given an array of variable pairs equations and an array of real numbers values , where equations [ i ] = [ A i , B i ] and values [ i ] represent the equation A i / B i = values [ i ] . Each A i or B i is a string that represents a single variable .
 Now , given a list of words , each word can be written as a concatenation of the Morse code of each letter . For example , " cab " can be written as "-.-. . -- ... " , ( which is the concatenation "-.-. " + " .-" + "-... " ) . We'll call such a concatenation , the transformation of a word .
 Return the length of the shortest such clear path from top-left to bottom-right . If such a path does not exist , return -1 .
 Given a positive integer num , output its complement number . The complement strategy is to flip the bits of its binary representation .
 Note that the input array is passed in by reference , which means a modification to the input array will be known to the caller as well .
 It is guaranteed that answer is unique under the given rules .
 Given a non-negative integer n which represents the number of LEDs that are currently on , return all possible times the watch could represent .
 Given a matrix of M x N elements ( M rows , N columns ) , return all elements of the matrix in diagonal order as shown in the below image .
 Given the integer n and the array roads , return the maximal network rank of the entire infrastructure .
 Given a set of pairs , find the length longest chain which can be formed . You needn't use up all the given pairs . You can select pairs in any order .
 We return 32 since it is the longest absolute path to a file .
 The Graph is connected and all nodes can be visited starting from the given node .
 Since the return type is an integer , the decimal digits are truncated and only the integer part of the result is returned .
 Given a binary tree , return the level order traversal of its nodes' values . ( ie , from left to right , level by level ) .
 GetMaxKey ( )-Returns one of the keys with maximal value . If no element exists , return an empty string " " .
 int ping ( int t ) Adds a new request at time t , where t represents some time in milliseconds , and returns the number of requests that has happened in the past 3000 milliseconds ( including the new request ) . Specifically , return the number of requests that have happened in the inclusive range [ t-3000 , t ] .
 Given two anagrams A and B , return the smallest K for which A and B are K-similar .
 Given a lower and upper number bound , output a list of every possible self dividing number , including the bounds if possible .
 Return the minimum integer you can obtain also as a string .
 Any given bucket can be sampled an infinite number of times ( by an unlimited number of pigs ) .
 We made 2 refueling stops along the way , so we return 2 .
 You are given a 2D char matrix representing the game board .' M' represents an unrevealed mine ,' E' represents an unrevealed empty square ,' B' represents a revealed blank square that has no adjacent ( above , below , left , right , and all 4 diagonals ) mines , digit (' 1' to' 8' ) represents how many mines are adjacent to this revealed square , and finally' X' represents a revealed mine .
 We are to write the letters of a given string S , from left to right into lines . Each line has maximum width 100 units , and if writing a letter would cause the width of the line to exceed 100 units , it is written on the next line . We are given an array widths , an array where widths [ 0 ] is the width of' a' , widths [ 1 ] is the width of' b' , ... , and widths [ 25 ] is the width of' z' .
 Given the head of a linked list , remove the n th node from the end of the list and return its head .
 Given a VPS represented as string s , return the nesting depth of s .
 Given an integer array A , and an integer target , return the number of tuples i , j , k such that i &lt; j &lt; k and A [ i ] + A [ j ] + A [ k ] == target .
 Note that we were not given A directly , only a root node root = Construct ( A ) .
 You may assume k is always valid , ie : k is always smaller than input array's size for non-empty array .
 You are given an array of distinct positive integers locations where locations [ i ] represents the position of city i . You are also given integers start , finish and fuel representing the starting city , ending city , and the initial amount of fuel you have , respectively .
 You are a hiker preparing for an upcoming hike . You are given heights , a 2D array of size rows x columns , where heights [ row ] [ col ] represents the height of cell ( row , col ) . You are situated in the top-left cell , ( 0 , 0 ) , and you hope to travel to the bottom-right cell , ( rows-1 , columns-1 ) ( i.e. , 0-indexed ) . You can move up , down , left , or right , and you wish to find a route that requires the minimum effort .
 Return the kth string of this list or return an empty string if there are less than k happy strings of length n .
 For example , given the following tree :
 You are given K eggs , and you have access to a building with N floors from 1 to N .
 Imagine you are given a real file system , how will you search files ? DFS or BFS ?
 The input board won't be a stage when game is over ( some mines have been revealed ) .
 As the answer can be very large , return the answer modulo 10 ^ 9 + 7 .
 Given a range [ m , n ] where 0 &lt; = m &lt; = n &lt; = 2147483647 , return the bitwise AND of all numbers in this range , inclusive .
 Return the answers to all queries . If a single answer can not be determined , return-1.0 .
 Return True if its possible otherwise return False .
 Return the minimum number of moves to transform the given array nums into a zigzag array .
 Some people will make friend requests . The list of their ages is given and ages [ i ] is the age of the ith person .
 If the number is divisible by 5 , output " buzz " .
 The value in the given matrix is in the range of [ 0 , 255 ] .
 Return true if and only if you can provide every customer with correct change .
 Note that the cargo must be shipped in the order given , so using a ship of capacity 14 and splitting the packages into parts like ( 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 ) , ( 1 , 6 , 7 ) , ( 8 ) , ( 9 ) , ( 10 ) is not allowed .
 You are given an array of distinct integers arr and an array of integer arrays pieces , where the integers in pieces are distinct . Your goal is to form arr by concatenating the arrays in pieces in any order . However , you are not allowed to reorder the integers in each array pieces [ i ] .
 Given the array nums , obtain a subsequence of the array whose sum of elements is strictly greater than the sum of the non included elements in such subsequence .
 If the query has no matches in the wordlist , you should return the empty string .
 When the query matches a word up to capitlization , you should return the first such match in the wordlist .
 Given a tree ( ie a connected , undirected graph that has no cycles ) consisting of n nodes numbered from 0 to n-1 and exactly n-1 edges . The root of the tree is the node 0 , and each node of the tree has a label which is a lower-case character given in the string labels ( ie The node with the number i has the label labels [ i ] ) .
 Given two arrays of integers with equal lengths , return the maximum value of :
 Given a N * N matrix M representing the friend relationship between students in the class . If M [ i ] [ j ] = 1 , then the i th and j th students are direct friends with each other , otherwise not . And you have to output the total number of friend circles among all the students .
 Given an integer n , add a dot ( " . " ) as the thousands separator and return it in string format .
 You are given a target value to search . If found in the array return true , otherwise return false .
 You may return any answer array that satisfies this condition .
 You are given a rows x cols matrix grid . Initially , you are located at the top-left corner ( 0 , 0 ) , and in each step , you can only move right or down in the matrix .
 Given an input string s , reverse the order of the words .
 Given an m x n 2d grid map of' 1' s ( land ) and' 0' s ( water ) , return the number of islands .
 You can return the answer in any order .
 Therefore , return 3 as the starting index .
 In a string composed of 'L' ,' R' , and' X' characters , like " RXXLRXRXL " , a move consists of either replacing one occurrence of " XL " with " LX " , or replacing one occurrence of " RX " with " XR " . Given the starting string start and the ending string end , return True if and only if there exists a sequence of moves to transform one string to the other .
 Given a root node reference of a BST and a key , delete the node with the given key in the BST . Return the root node reference ( possibly updated ) of the BST .
 A mapping of digit to letters ( just like on the telephone buttons ) is given below . Note that 1 does not map to any letters .
 Return the minimum number of semesters to take all courses . It is guaranteed that you can take all courses in some way .
 You are given an array of network towers towers and an integer radius , where towers [ i ] = [ x i , y i , q i ] denotes the i th network tower with location ( x i , y i ) and quality factor q i . All the coordinates are integral coordinates on the X-Y plane , and the distance between two coordinates is the Euclidean distance .
 You are given a string s of even length consisting of digits from 0 to 9 , and two integers a and b .
 How many valid permutations are there ? Since the answer may be large , return your answer modulo 10 ^ 9 + 7 .
 Given a non-empty binary tree , return the average value of the nodes on each level in the form of an array .
 What if the given array is already sorted ? How would you optimize your algorithm ?
 Given n , return the value of T n .
 return its zigzag level order traversal as :
 If no such index exists , we should return -1 . If there are multiple pivot indexes , you should return the left-most pivot index .
  Input points have NO order . No order required for output .
 For the sample input , the output is :
 For the example above , the output should be :
 return : 1
 For example , given 13 , return : [ 1,10,11,12,13,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9 ] .
 It is not necessary to use all characters in letters and each letter can only be used once . Score of letters' a' ,' b' ,' c' , ... ,' z' is given by score [ 0 ] , score [ 1 ] , ... , score [ 25 ] respectively .
 We write the integers of A and B ( in the order they are given ) on two separate horizontal lines .
 Then , we go back to the start of the row , giving n + 1 candies to the first person , n + 2 candies to the second person , and so on until we give 2 * n candies to the last person .
 Output : Return 4 , and the first 4 characters of the input array should be : [ " a " , " b " , " 1 " , " 2 " ] .
  Given the root of a binary tree , return the sum of every tree node's tilt .
 Return the root of the trimmed binary search tree . Note that the root may change depending on the given bounds .
 Explanation : 3 does not exist in the array , so we return -1 .
 The above output corresponds to the 5 unique BST's shown below :
 Explanation : The array contains less than 2 elements , therefore return 0 .
 Given a binary tree , return the sum of values of nodes with even-valued grandparent . ( A grandparent of a node is the parent of its parent , if it exists . )
 Explanation : 4 isn't at least as big as twice the value of 3 , so we return -1 .
 Explanation : " testemail@leetcode.com " and "testemail@lee.tcode.com " actually receive mails
 You need to output 1 .
 Explanation : We return 3 because by repeating a three times " ab cdabcdab cd " , b is a substring of it .
 What if negative numbers are allowed in the given array ?
 So you finally need to output 3 .
 Therefore , return the median sliding window as [ 1,-1,-1,3,5,6 ] .
 You are also given an integer maxCost .
 The given r and c are all positive .
 NOTE : input types have been changed on April 15 , 2019 . Please reset to default code definition to get new method signature .
 n is a non-negative integer which won't exceed the input array size .
 ParkingSystem ( int big , int medium , int small ) Initializes object of the ParkingSystem class . The number of slots for each parking space are given as part of the constructor .
 Note : The input is always valid . You may assume that evaluating the queries will not result in division by zero and that there is no contradiction .
  Return a list containing the IDs ( 0-indexed ) of the busiest server ( s ) . You may return the IDs in any order .
 Explanation : We return the node with value 2 , colored in yellow in the diagram .
 Explanation : The given undirected graph will be like this :
 For example , given the above Logs table , 1 is the only number that appears consecutively for at least three times .
 You may assume all numbers in the input are non-negative integers .
 Now your job is to find the total Hamming distance between all pairs of the given numbers .
 Return the minimum number of boats to carry every given person . ( It is guaranteed each person can be carried by a boat . )
 The length of the given list will be in the range of [ 2 , 50 ] .
 At the end , return the modified image .
 Explanation : The given directed graph will be like this :
 For item 1 with price [ 1 ] = 4 you will receive a discount equivalent to prices [ 3 ] = 2 , therefore , the final price you will pay is 4-2 = 2 .
 Given N , return any beautiful array A . ( It is guaranteed that one exists . )
 In a given 2D binary array A , there are two islands . ( An island is a 4-directionally connected group of 1 s not connected to any other 1s . )
  The input strings consist of lowercase English characters only .
